"Bem (born c. 19791980) was a wizard of Nigerian descent who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1991 to 1998. He was Sorted into Gryffindor and was in Harry Potter's year, however he did not share a dormitory with Harry and his friends.Being Nigerian in descent, Bem began his education at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1991, along with students Harry Potter, Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley. He was Sorted into the house of Gryffindor, but would not share a dormitory with the other known Gryffindor boys in his year. Bem and other students learn that Sirius Black has been sighted Bem chose Care of Magical Creatures and Divination as electives in his third year. Bem explains the meaning after Sybill Trelawney found a grim in Harry's teacup. He is seen again in the Main Hall studying as Seamus told everyone that Sirius Black was sighted at an area close to Hogwarts. He agreed with Seamus that Sirius can get passed the Dementors and believed that he would do it again. Bem in front of Fred and George Weasley in the Room of Requirement In his fifth year (the 19951996 school year), Bem became a member of Dumbledore's Army, in order to learn practical defensive magic from Harry Potter and to rebel against the tyrannical and incompetent Defence Against the Dark Arts professor Dolores Umbridge.He was a black boy with dark eyes and a round face. He was also slightly overweight with a lisp.The name Bem means \"peace\" in the language of the Tiv, of Nigeria and Cameroon and also means \"good\" or \"well\" in Portuguese. \"BEM\" is also an abbreviation for British Empire Medal, a medal received from British royalty for meritorious civil or military service, which reflects Bem being Sorted into Gryffindor.Like the character Nigel Wolpert, Bem is not mentioned in the books, but is credited in the films. Played by Ekow Quartey, the character is listed in the credits for Prisoner of Azkaban as simply \"Boy 1\". However, on the Prisoner of Azkaban DVD, the closed captions identify the character as \"Bem\" during the Divination class scene.Bem cannot be considered canon, as the books identify in several places that there are only five Gryffindor boys in Harry's year: Harry Potter, Ronald Weasley, Neville Longbottom, Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas.Bem also makes an appearance as a member of Dumbledore's Army in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. His house was changed to Ravenclaw, probably to correct their mistake of putting him in Gryffindor last time. He appears in the credits as \"Ravenclaw boy\".Nigel WolpertIgor Karkaroff's aideKellahHarry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) (First appearance) (Non-canonical appearance)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film) (Non-canonical appearance)"