"Billingsley was a wizard who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry during Jacob's sibling's time at school. He appeared to be a very popular student who was known for his performance in Transfiguration and Charms classes, which many other students spoke about often.Billingsley started attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1983 or 1984. He became very well known for the many ways he transfigured objects, which was spoken about and often admired in Transfiguration class by Jacob's sibling's year.Billingsley's many achievements include turning a satchel to a goat, the teacher's desk to a ball of yarn, and himself to a surfboard which made McGonagall very upset with him. In an unknown way, Billingsley's head was once trapped in an Umbrella Flower. He also levitated himself and the staff were unable to get him down for some time.He was less skilled with charms-work, however. In his first year, he recited an incantation incorrectly (presumably for the Fire-Making Spell), and accidentally set fire to the Boathouse. He also once spilled some Swelling Solution on the hands of Potions Master Severus Snape.In the 19881989 school year, Billingsley accidentally Transfigured a ferret into a fountain instead of a feather duster. During the same year, Andre Egwu noted that animals seemed to hate Billingsley. Later that year, Jacob's Sibling also recalled that Professor McGonagall had made him dust her chalkboard after he transfigured her hat. He also performed the Exploding Charm during breakfast, splattering eggs and bacon everywhere.According to Charlie Weasley, sometime during 19891990 school year Billingsley showed up to class in his jim jams.At some point during the 19901991 school year, Billingsley's young niece was at St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries as a visitor. When she saw Jacob's sibling sneaking in Fang (passing as a wizard who had been Transfigured into a dog) to visit Rubeus Hagrid in one of the wards, she remarked it reminded her of a time her uncle had Transfigured himself into a parrot  she later added that even though he insisted he could Untransfigure himself, he was stuck as a parrot for three days.Charms: While Billingsley's charms were well known, they seemed to be often very unpolished, with his skills in this field of magic often being discussed by other Hogwarts students. His feats included recklessly using the Exploding Charm at breakfast and sending eggs and bacon everywhere, accidentally setting the Boathouse alight with an incorrectly recited incantation, presumably with the Fire-Making Spell or a similar spell, and using the Levitation Charm to levitate himself in the air, unable to get down for some time.Transfiguration: Billingsley was well-known for his frequent transfigurations, that were often comical in nature. It was said that animals used for Transfiguration seemed to hate him for his often bizarre Transformations he performed on them.Billingsley was created by Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery writer Matt London, who wrote the story arcs for Years 1, 2, and 3. He was meant to be whimsical, but likely due to London's departure from the creative team, he was reduced to only constantly being mentioned, without further development.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First mentioned)"