"This individual (born c. 1980) was a wizard who started attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1991 and was Sorted into Ravenclaw.This boy started attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1991-1992 school year, and was Sorted into Ravenclaw.On the first day of term, he was pacing by the First-floor corridor, shortly before Quirinus Quirrell's Defence Against the Dark Arts class. Shortly before his first Potions class, he commented on Professor Snape's unpleasant demeanour: \"Snape always looks like he smells something bad\". He did not complete Snape's assignment of gathering all the ingredients for the Wiggenweld Potion (only Harry, Ron and Hermione managed to procure Wiggentree bark)  at one point, he expressed his wish that someone made an Instant Wiggenweld Potion mix, given the difficulty of gathering all the required ingredients.Before the first-years' first Flying lesson, he spent some time chatting about it in the Dungeons. According to his brother, it was possible for one to take off with such speed that one could look back and see the top of one's head.Shortly after the Hallowe'en feast, he mockingly told Harry Potter \"I thought trolls lived under bridges, not in restrooms\".Shortly before Charms class, he wondered if practising the Levitation Charm would provoke levitation sickness. He also made fun of Quirinus Quirrell before one of his Defence Against the Dark Arts class concerning the Wand-Lighting Charm, by saying \"I wonder if Quirrell is as scared of the light as he is of the dark?\".He did not seem to engage in the rumours the rest of the student body conveyed: about the Forbidden Corridor, he said \"I don't think there's anything in the forbidden corridor. And I see no reason to prove that theory\"; about the Restricted Section he said \"People say a lot of rubbish about the Restricted Section\". He also thought Common Rooms were improperly named: \"Why are they called Common rooms when only people from a certain house can go into them? Doesn't that make them uncommon rooms?\".Throghout the school year, he was confident that Ravenclaw Quidditch team would win the Quidditch Cup (\"The Quidditch Cup is as good as in our hands. Maybe we should wash 'em\"), and seemed to be rather competitive about it (It isn't whether you win or lose... wait a minute, yes it is!).This student is clearly a first-year from his dialogue and presence in first-year classes. In spite of this fact, there are multiple Prefects during night-time sneak missions that bear his likeness.He may be Stephen Cornfoot, Kevin Entwhistle, Michael Corner, Anthony Goldstein or Terry Boot.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (video game) (First appearance) (GBA version)"