"Cassandra Vole was a witch who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 2008 and was sorted into Slytherin.Cassandra was sorted into Slytherin when she started attending Hogwarts at the age of eleven. She was soon engaging in bullying her fellow students, including Daniel Page.She overheard Daniel speaking to a friend one day about how he thought hiding magic from Muggles was wrong. Cassandra began teasing Daniel, asking if he wanted to be in the paper or be a criminal. Cassandra thought Muggles to be \"silly\" and frightened of their own shadows. Daniel objected, saying she would be afraid of magic if she didn't have it.Cassandra worked out that he had a Muggle in the Page family, and he told her to shut up. Daniel's friend didn't think Cassandra was worth it, and Ivy Warrington asked if she didn't like non-magic people. Cassandra told her she did, because she had an uncle who was a Muggle and she thought he was hilarious.Cassandra left, but Ivy run after her and started duelling her. Ivy used Evanesco and nearly hurt Cassandra. Professor Longbottom intervened and gave detention to Ivy and her friends.Later that evening, Cassandra, Colby and Fischer Frey snuck out to the Library. Daniel, Ivy and their friend found out and went to check out why. They watched her until one of the twins noticed. Cassandra then told Daniel's friends she had found out about Daniel's family who had been sent to prison. Daniel then began duelling Cassandra.Cassandra lost the duel, and told Daniel it wasn't over and that he couldn't be trusted.Cassandra had a mean-spirited and conceited personality, and enjoyed belitting those she perceived as below her with her friends, such as Daniel Page. She disliked the sport of Quidditch and enjoyed Herbology.Duelling: Cassandra had some ability in the field of duelling, although she did once lose a duel to her rival Daniel Page.Charms: Cassandra was able to produce a corporeal Patronus in the form of a mink, an exceptional feat of magic for a Hogwarts student.Herbology: Cassandra was known to enjoy the study of Herbology at Hogwarts, the study of magical plants and fungi.Wand: Cassandra's wand was 10 inches, made of holly with a Veela hair core.Harry Potter: Magic Awakened (First appearance)"