"Constance Pickering was a witch who worked for the British Ministry of Magic, and was the leader of the Statute of Secrecy Task Force.Born somewhere in the British Isles to parents (one of whom was at least magical) around the dawn of the 20th century.As a child, she lived next door to a Muggle girl, Silvia. Constance convinced her that \"hedgehogs\" loved it when you left them snacks overnight. Silvia left out a plate and and the next day her garden was destroyed, leaving Constance feeling guilty.She once had a Crup named Ross, but her family had to give him away when Constance's brother turned out to be a squib, and Ross just wouldn't stop nipping his bum, which scarred him for life.When Constance was a girl, her family took her to a Dragon sanctuary in Norway. They got to see the baby dragons up close and one of them bit Constance's finger, which hurt for a month.Constance always thought Christmas crackers looked like loads of fun when her mother and sister pulled them together. The pop always made her squeal with delight. But they were never able to have a tree at they house. Constance's mum said she was allergic to decorating. Therefore Constance loved looking in their neighbours' windows and seeing their trees, all bright and shiny.When Constance was ten years old, her grandmother came over for Christmas. She wore a badger brooch that Constance pilfered to play with. As punishment, Constance spent the rest of Christmas locked in the attic.As a little girl, Constance used to adore vintage circus posters. However, during a wave of the Calamity focusing on the Circus Arcanus, she finally saw the old-time circus up close and lost the desire to go to one. She also hated clowns.Constance displayed signs of magical ability at some point in her early childhood and was subsequently admitted to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, which issued her a letter of acceptance on her eleventh birthday. Her mother wouldn't buy her a new cauldron. She gave Constance her brother's old, used one and bought him a new one. She later boarded the Hogwarts Express from Platform 9\\xbe at King's Cross Station in order to embark on her first year of magical education.At the time of her attendance, which began no earlier than September 1998, the school was under the firm stewardship of Professor Minerva McGonagall. Also she never met Professor Slughorn, but always thought she would have been a perfect candidate for the \"Slug Club\". She was Sorted into Hufflepuff. Throughout her childhood, she heard stories about the Death Eaters that the school's inspirational Headmistress and her allies had fought against at the legendary Battle of Hogwarts, and found the group to be terrifying.As a student, one of her favourite things about school life was the Christmas celebration at the Hogwarts Castle, and would later go on to leave the school with many fond memories about spending the holidays at the school; marvelling at the pudding, the baubles, the trees and the fairy lights. At some point, she also learned that there had been a Yule Ball that took place during the Triwizard Tournament in 1994 and later admitted to having harboured high hopes that the competition would be held once more just so her generation got one of their own.Constance loathed The Monster Book of Monsters, because her copy bit her once.She was never quite as adept at Charms as she would have liked. She failed in Charms, and never really got over it. They had a parent's meeting which included Headmistress McGonagall. It was awful, and Constance spent the time between classes practising various charms on her pet newt, Nevin.In her fifth year, Constance became the Hufflepuff female Prefect. She was thrilled that she be able to use the Prefects' Bathroom. Constance spent the whole summer leading up to her fifth year dreaming of the long, luxurious soaks she take come September. Unfortunately she found it impossible to relax with Portrait of a mermaid staring at her the whole time. After that day, she made sure to only bathe while the mermaid was asleep.Constance almost became a Magizoologist when she graduated Hogwarts. But she didn't have the stomach for it. One cold night hiding in a bramble bush by a Muggle field, waiting for a Mooncalf to do its dance was all it took. Constance was out looking for a new post by morning. Constance as a Ministry employee Seeing her as an icon, there was nothing Constance wanted more upon graduating from Hogwarts than the chance to work with Hermione Granger, a high-ranking official in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and famously progressive voice that had played no small part in the eradication of oppressive, pro-pureblood laws following her death-defying participation in the legendary Battle of Hogwarts. As such, when she applied for the position as a Junior Undersecretary in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, where her hero worked, Constance discreetly slipped her application into the pile that she knew Mrs Granger would draw her future assistant from, and to her delight found herself picked for the job.In the 2010s, during the series of large-scale breaches of the Statute of Wizarding Secrecy that became known as The Calamity, the British Ministry of Magic and the International Confederation of Wizards worked together to set up an International Task Force whose job it would be to track down and contain the chaotic outbreaks of magic from being noticed by Muggles. To this end, Ms Pickering was asked by Hermione Granger upon its sanction to set up what would become known as the Statute of Secrecy Task Force. At some point, presumably in her capacity as the leader of the Statute of Secrecy Task Force, she verified the casting of a Muggle-Repelling Charm over an undisclosed object or location. She was also the one who suggested using banners to identify areas of high concentration of Foundables that seemed to be somehow related to one another, at which point her boyfriend, Lucas Sparrowvale, proceeded to spend no less than six months travelling the world and placing them.In 2019, the Pickering family had Christmas at the new house of Constance's sister, but for some reason, they did not send Constance any details or address. As a result, Constance was invited to have Christmas dinner with the Potter family.An accomplished witch, Constance Pickering became an important member of the Calamity Management Team and was eventually tasked with heading up the Statute of Secrecy Task Force, whose job it was to investigate and contain the outbreaks of chaotic magic unleashed by the Calamity, showing the trust that the Ministry had in her abilities, both as a leader and where her magical prowess was concerned.Charms: Constance appeared to be highly accomplished with charms, as she was able to conjure a corporeal Patronus in the form of a Unicorn. Magical creatures were among the rarer Patronus forms. As leader of the Statute of Secrecy Task Force, she was also involved in returning Foundables, which heavily involved the use of charms to do so.Duelling: Constance possessed a level of skill in magical combat and with martial magic, as she was able to duel against members of The Unforgivable seemingly proficiently.Nevin: Constance owned a pet newt named Nevin, whom she often practised charms on whilst at Hogwarts.Ross: Constance owned a pet Crup called Ross in her youth, whom she had to give up to due to the Crup's aggression towards her Squib brother.One day, Constance was set on becoming an Animagus. She kept a mandrake leaf in her mouth for a month, brewed a potion, and was just waiting for a lightning storm when Sloan Travers told her about a friend of a friend who botched the spell and became half wizard, half naked mole-rat. Unsure that her silver teaspoon of dew hadn't seen sunlight or been touched by human feet for seven or six days and terrified of becoming a half-human half-animal abomination, Constance never drank the potion.Harry Potter: Wizards Unite (First appearance)"