"Cygnus Black (1938  1992) was a pure-blood wizard and member of the noble House of Black. He was a student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and was sorted into Slytherin.Cygnus was born in 1938, the youngest son of Pollux Black and Irma Crabbe and brother of Walburga and Alphard, who was later blasted off the family tapestry.He married Druella Rosier, and the couple had three daughters: Bellatrix, the eldest, in 1951, Andromeda, the middle child, between 1951-1955, and Narcissa Black, the youngest child, in 1955. Cygnus's three daughters from left to right, Narcissa, Bellatrix, and Andromeda Andromeda was disowned for marrying a Muggle-born wizard, Ted Tonks. All the family but Sirius (and also possibly her uncle Alphard) subsequently shunned her. Through his eldest daughter, he is the grandfather of Delphini, who was fathered by Voldemort as a result of their affair at Malfoy Manor. Through his disowned daughter and his youngest daughter, Cygnus is the grandfather of Nymphadora Tonks and Draco Malfoy respectively, and is also the great-grandfather of Teddy Lupin and Scorpius Malfoy, respectively.He died in 1992, when his grandson was attending his first or second year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Cygnus was the second last remaining Black of the male line before his nephew.Like many other members of the House of Black, Cygnus is named after a constellation. Cygnus is a northern constellation known as the Swan or the Northern Cross. It was named for several swans which appear in Greek mythology, including the one Zeus transformed into to seduce Leda, the form Orpheus took after his death, and a son of the god Apollo who was turned into a swan after his murder. The name is derived from the Greek , kyknos, meaning \"swan\".Cygnus and his wife were likely in Slytherin house like the rest of the family.Cygnus was named after his paternal grandfather. There was also Cygnus I, an early member of the House of Black, who was most likely Phineas Nigellus Black's father and thus Cygnus's great-great-grandfather.If Cygnus was truly born in 1938, than he would've been considerably young when his eldest daughter Bellatrix was born in 1951; this means that, like his father, Cygnus had a child at 13. It's possible that both are errors, as J. K. Rowling stated that math isn't her strong suit, and the Black Family Tapestry has other similar errors.An earlier draft of the tapestry gives him more plausible years of 1929-1979. It's unknown why these years were changed however.Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film) (Appears on Black family tapestry)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (video game) (Seen on Black family tree tapestry)Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 (video game) (Seen on Black family tree tapestry)"