"Daniel Page was a half-blood wizard who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 2008. A Muggle newspaper reporting the arrest of Daniel's family Daniel was born and raised somewhere in the British Isles between 1996 and 1997. He was the third child and youngest son of a Muggle father and a witch mother, and was raised alongside an older brother and sister. The only one of the two boys to possess magical ability, Daniel nevertheless attended a Muggle primary school prior to receiving his letter of acceptance from Hogwarts. While apparently loving, Daniel's childhood were still marred by controversy from an early age, marked by the illicit activities of their father and, in due time, also Daniel's older brother Reggie, who was a Squib. At some point, they were eventually cornered by the Muggle police and arrested. Daniel Page visiting his mother in prison Having \"tried to help\" using magic but only ended up \"scaring a bunch of Muggles\", Daniel's mother was also apprehended. While her two apparent accomplices were both tried and sentenced to a Muggle prison, her violation of the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy came to the attention of the Ministry of Magic, which, presumably through the efforts of the Muggle Liaison Office, successfully claimed jurisdiction and had her released into the custody of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Put on trail before a wizarding court of law, she was accused and found guilty of being a member of the Nocturnal Order of Tricks and Exhibitions, and sentenced to Azkaban. The family's arrest was covered by a Muggle newspaper, dubbing them \"The Bloody Pages\", after which Daniel, who was now left in the care of his older sister, found school to be anything but fun.Daniel finally arrived at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry when he was eleven. He did so with a sigh of relief; as few witches and wizards read Muggle newspaper and hence, nobody knew him, taking off a lot of the pressure he had been under after all that happened.Upon arriving at school, Daniel came off as a solitary, studious young wizard that often preferred focusing on his academics over interacting with other people. When he befriended among others Robyn Thistlethwaite and Ivy Warrington, he became significantly more open and sociable. He also kept well-informed on the goings on in the wizarding community, to the point that he was very familiar with the notorious group known as NOTME. Following his mother's imprisonment after her violation of the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy, he grew to view it as a \"stupid law\", and expressed the belief that while they should not necessarily go around flaunting their abilities to the masses, he nevertheless believed that keeping magic from the Muggle world entirely as a selfish thing to do, apparently blind to the extent to which permitting magic around non-wizards could be exploited for nefarious purposes. As such, he was known to dislike the British Ministry of Magic.Potions: Daniel was proficient in the magical art of potion-making and enjoyed Potions class.Charms: Daniel was capable of producing a fully corporeal Patronus in the form of a black cat, an exceptional magical feat for a Hogwarts student.Defence Against the Dark Arts: This subject was one of Daniel's favourite subjects at Hogwarts.Wand: Daniel most likely purchased this wand before his first year, which was 13 inches, made of vine with a phoenix feather core.It is possible that he was related to Grant Page.Daniel does not have a set House. He will be sorted into the House that the player chooses to be in.Harry Potter: Magic Awakened (First appearance)"