"Professor Elizabeth Burke (d. before 1925) was a witch and headmistress of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry prior to 1925. She had several portraits hung in the castle. She held and encouraged pure-blood supremacy, telling Slytherin students to be \"nasty to Mudbloods.\" Elizabeth's portrait hung at the Grand Staircase  Burke Elizabeth attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in her youth and was sorted into Slytherin. She was appointed Headmistress of Hogwarts School at an unknown point. Burke had a portrait painted of herself when she was thirty-five years old.By 1991, Elizabeth's portrait was hung at the Grand Staircase, above the stairs between the archway to the Entrance Hall and the doorway to the first-floor.During the next school year, Elizabeth's portrait was maintained at the same place at the Grand Staircase.By 1995, her portrait was no longer hung by the first-floor landing of the Grand Staircase, but two floors below, at the Entrance Dungeon. During this school year, she hid a secret passage to the Main Dungeons. In order to gain passage, one had to give her the password \"Slytherins are Supreme\", which only she and the Slytherin students knew about. There was another portrait of her, hung near the entrance to the Potions Classroom, hiding a passage to the seventh-floor corridor. Its password was \"Facta, non verba\".By the next school year, her portraits no longer hid any secret passageway, nor did they stay on the same walls.One of her portraits was hung in Malfoy Manor.Elizabeth died sometime prior to 1991, as the portraits hung at Hogwarts depict deceased individuals. Her clothing seems to indicate that she lived during the sixteenth or seventeenth century.Elizabeth Burke's portrait bears a resemblance to a 1592 portrait of Bess of Hardwick, Countess of Shrewsbury by Rowland Lockey.It is possible she may be related to Caractacus Burke, co-founder of Borgin and Burkes.The start screen for Harry Potter for Kinect is the only time Burke's portrait is seen in the Headmaster's Office.\"Elizabeth\" is from  (Elisabet), the Greek form of the Hebrew name  (Elisheva) meaning \"my God is an oath\" or perhaps \"my God is abundance\". It has been very popular in England since the reign of Queen Elizabeth I in the 16th century. Famous modern bearers include the British queen Elizabeth II (1926-).Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film) (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film) (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (video game) (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (video game) (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 (video game) (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter for Kinect (Appears in portrait(s))The Wizarding World of Harry Potter (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (Appears in portrait(s))"