"Fred Weasley I (1 April, 1978  2 May, 1998) was an English pure-blood wizard, was the fourth son and the middle child, the most daring and dominant among the twins of Arthur Weasley and Molly Weasley (n\\xe9e Prewett), younger brother to Bill, Charlie and Percy, and older brother of Ron and Ginny Weasley, and older twin brother and best friend to George Weasley. Fred's first few years were marked by the height of the First Wizarding War and when Lord Voldemort fell for the first time. He attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1989-1996 and was sorted into Gryffindor House. Both he and his twin brother were popular students, known for their sense of humour, pranks, and were also Beaters for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. In their seventh year, they joined Dumbledore's Army, an organisation taught and led by Harry Potter.A born prankster and inventor, Fred left Hogwarts shortly prior to graduation to become a successful entrepreneur, alongside his twin brother, George, and opened the joke shop Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes at 93 Diagon Alley. Fred was also a member of the Order of the Phoenix; he fought in the Battle of the Seven Potters (1997) and was a commentator for Potterwatch during the height of the Second Wizarding War. Fred participated in the Battle of Hogwarts (1998), defending the castle's passageways with his twin. While fighting alongside his brother, Percy, he was killed in an explosion caused by an unknown Death Eater. The Burrow, where Fred grew up along with his family Appropriately enough, Fred Weasley, along with his identical twin George, was born on 1 April, 1978; April Fool's Day to Arthur and Molly Weasley. Fred was born first. He was raised at his family home of The Burrow, near Ottery St Catchpole in Devon, England. In addition to his twin brother, Fred had three older brothers, Bill, Charlie and Percy, and two younger siblings, Ron and Ginny. The Weasley family was poor, but loving.Fred and George enjoyed making mischief from a young age, and were quite a handful for their parents. It was not uncommon for explosions to be heard coming from the bedroom the two shared. They also greatly enjoyed teasing their brothers Percy and Ron. At one point, they even used their family's pet Puffskein for Bludger practice. At the age of five, Fred transformed Ron's teddy bear into a giant spider, sparking his arachnophobia, after Ron broke his toy broomstick. Also around that age, he gave Ron an Acid Pop, which burnt a hole through his tongue. When they were seven years old, Fred and George nearly succeeded in getting Ron to make an Unbreakable Vow until their father found them; he was so angry that Fred later said \"his (Fred's) left buttock has never been the same since.\" One Christmas, Fred and George set off a Dungbomb under the chair of their great-aunt Muriel during a family dinner. The elderly witch most likely wrote the twins out of her will for this stunt, and stopped attending Christmas celebrations at the Burrow, for which all the Weasley children were thankful. Fred and George during their First year at Hogwarts Fred was educated at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 19891996, and was Sorted into Gryffindor House. He was very popular among the Gryffindors in school, and he and George were well known for their senses of humour and pranks. The twins even set up their own joke shop in the disused bathroom on the seventh floor. Among Fred's many friends were: Lee Jordan, Angelina Johnson, Alicia Spinnet, Oliver Wood, and Katie Bell. During their first year at Hogwarts, Fred and George swiped the Marauder's Map from Argus Filch's office.In their second year, Fred and George became Beaters for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. They both used Cleansweep Five broomsticks and were so skilled at Quidditch that they were both described as being like \"Human Bludgers\".It was noted by Ron Weasley on the Hogwarts Express that Fred and George achieved \"really good marks\", at least in their early years. George playing in Quidditch match against Slytherin Fred in the Great Hall having breakfast with fellow Gryffindors Fred also became friends with Harry Potter in his third year, when Harry palled around with his younger brother Ron and was made the Quidditch team's Seeker. Fred and the other players believed that the addition of Harry would be a real shot in the arm to their chances of winning the Quidditch Cup. Around the Christmas holidays, Fred and George got in trouble for bewitching several snowballs to follow Professor Quirrell around, and hit him in the back of the head (they were, of course, unaware that they were throwing snowballs in Voldemort's face).They stayed in the castle for the holidays along with their brothers and Harry, all of whom received jumpers from Mrs Weasley. The jumpers she sent to Fred and George didn't have their initials on them as Harry's and Ron's did, prompting them to call themselves \"Gred and Forge\". The twins also dragged Percy away from his fellow prefects, insisting that Christmas was time for family, and stole his prefect badge, much to his irritation. Fred, George, and Ron rescue Harry from the Dursleys In the summer of 1992, Fred, George, and Ron rescued Harry from his relatives' home after not hearing from him during the previous summer month. They pulled the bars off his window and flew him to the Burrow in their father's Ford Anglia. While at the Burrow Fred and George came to know Harry better as they spent time flying with him. The twins soon began their fourth year at Hogwarts, and took to teasing their younger sister Ginny as she began her first year. They were trying to cheer her up, unaware that her emotional state was fragile due to the influence of Tom Riddle's Diary. Fred, George, and others read the message about the opening of the Chamber of Secrets That year, the Chamber of Secrets was opened and frighting messages were written on the castle walls. Rumours were circulating that Harry was responsible for it, since he spoke Parseltongue and thus might be the Heir of Slytherin. Neither Fred nor George took these rumours seriously, they found the whole thing laughable and frequently joked about it (apparently taking Harry though crowded corridors shouting, \"Make way!\"). They also came to Hermione Granger's defence when Draco Malfoy called her a \"filthy little Mudblood\", by lunging at him, only to be blocked by Slytherin Quidditch Captain Marcus Flint.Fred helped protect Harry form a rogue Bludger during Gryffindor's opening match against Slytherin. After Gryffindor won the Quidditch match, Fred went to the hospital wing with the rest of the Gryffindor Quidditch team to see Harry because Gilderoy Lockhart had removed all the bones in his arm, and congratulated him for his unbelievable flying, but not before seeing Marcus Flint yelling at Draco Malfoy for \"having the Snitch on top of his head and not noticing\", of which he informed Harry. At the end of the school year, Fred was relieved when his younger sister was saved  and delighted when she revealed that Percy had a secret girlfriend, as this was another opportunity to take the mickey out of him. The Weasleys in Egypt Arthur Weasley had won a large amount of gold from a Ministry contest, something that was both a surprise and delight for the family. The Weasleys used the money won that summer to take a holiday to Egypt, where the oldest son Bill was working as a Curse Breaker. While there, Fred and George tried to push Percy, who had been acting even more arrogant and pompous than usual, because he learned he had been appointed Head Boy, into a pyramid. Their mother stopped them and scolded them severely. They and their brothers went in all the pyramids. They also annoyed Ginny when she couldn't go in the last one, most likely because her their mother thought her too young. Fred and George give Harry the Marauder's Map In Harry's third year and their fifth, Fred and George gave Harry the Marauder's Map, as they already knew it by heart and Harry needed it in order to sneak into Hogsmeade. They also tried to cheer him up after he fainted near the Dementors that were guarding the school that year, due to Sirius Black escaping from Azkaban. Their attempt to cheer up Ron after his pet rat Scabbers went missing was not as successful, as Fred and George reminded him that Scabbers was boring. That year, they also won the Quidditch Cup along with Harry.Fred and George began inventing magical prank items the summer of 1994, starting with the Ton-Tongue Toffee, which Fred \"dropped\" near Harry's cousin Dudley Dursley in order to test it out, which proved to be very successful. Fred also attended the Quidditch World Cup with his parents, siblings, Harry Potter, and Hermione Granger, and gambled all of his money on the outcome, which their father told them not to mention to their mother. When Ludo Bagman defaulted on his bet, Fred was furious, and suggested that it was \"time to play dirty\" like Bagman by informing the Ministry of Magic of his activities. George was against the idea, arguing that it was blackmail. The 1994 Quidditch World Cup that Fred attended with his family and friends Once at school for their sixth year (before their sixth year they attended the Quidditch World Cup with their family), George and Fred began selling, as well as experimenting with, their inventions. That year, Hogwarts also hosted the Triwizard Tournament, which Fred and George both wanted to enter, despite being underage. They attempted to fool the Age Line spell that Albus Dumbledore put around the Goblet of Fire using an Ageing Potion, but the attempt was unsuccessful, though they both thought their beards were uproariously funny. Fred attended the the Yule Ball with Angelina Johnson The twins began trying out and selling their products, such as Canary Creams, at Hogwarts as their sixth year began. When the Yule Ball was announced, Fred asked Angelina Johnson to attend with him, declaring it a \"piece of cake\" to ask a girl out. Angelina said yes and they went to the ball together. At the end of the school year, Cedric Diggory, one of the champions, was murdered by Peter Pettigrew on the orders of the newly revived Lord Voldemort, who was reborn. Fred and George were surprised and very grateful when Harry gave them the thousand Galleons he won in the Triwizard Tournament in order for them to start their joke shop. Fred and George in 12 Grimmauld Place In the summer of 1995, before their final year at Hogwarts, Fred, and George passed their Apparition tests \"with distinction,\" and took to Apparating and Disapparating around 12 Grimmauld Place to surprise people, much to the displeasure of their mother. They helped clean up the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix, but they also pocketed Doxies from behind the curtains (and possibly Wartcap powder) for their experiments, and spied on the Order's meetings using the Extendable Ears they invented (although most of the time the Ears proved useless as the door was often Imperturbed). Fred and George during a D.A. meeting Fred and George resumed testing and selling their products at Hogwarts in their seventh year, though Hermione Granger managed to prevent them from testing out Skiving Snackboxes on unsuspecting first years by threatening to tell their mother.The twins also joined Dumbledore's Army to oppose the dictatorial running of Hogwarts under High Inquisitor Dolores Umbridge, and to prepare to fight Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters.Umbridge kicked them both off the Quidditch team that year after George and Harry got into a fight with Draco Malfoy, who had penned the demeaning song Weasley is Our King to humiliate Ron, and then proceeded to insult the Weasley parents and the late Lily Potter. Fred would have participated in the fight, but was held back by three of his team-mates. The Weasleys suffered a near-devastating blow that Christmas when Arthur Weasley was bitten by Nagini, Lord Voldemort's pet snake. Fred was greatly upset by his father's injury, especially since Percy did not join his family at St Mungo's, deepening his estrangement.When the D.A. was discovered later in the school year, Albus Dumbledore took the blame and departed Hogwarts, leaving Umbridge as Headmistress. Fred and George decided that they no longer cared about getting into trouble, and that they were going to cause as much mayhem for Umbridge as possible. When the Inquisitorial Squad was formed and one member, Graham Montague, attempted to dock House Points from them, Fred and George shoved him head-first into a Vanishing Cabinet before he could finish speaking. Fred and George during their escape from Hogwarts They set off spectacular fireworks of their own creation, Weasleys' Wildfire Whiz-bangs, which soon became best-selling products. After taking their disruptive activities easy during the Easter holidays, Fred dropped out of Hogwarts with George in a final act of rebellion against Umbridge. They left in a flourish of vandalism, chaos, and hexing members of the Inquisitorial Squad. A small part of a Portable Swamp created in the corridors by the twins was preserved by Professor Flitwick, as he saw it as a \"really good bit of magic\". The inside of Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes Initially, Fred and George's ambitions to open a joke shop had been something of a disappointment to their parents, in particular their mother, who had hoped they would seek employment with the Ministry of Magic like their father. However, the spectacular success of the twins' business, Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, located at 93 Diagon Alley, immensely impressed them both and became a source of much joy and pride in their sons accomplishment. What had started out as a mail-order experiment in entrepreneurship skyrocketed into a very lucrative undertaking. In fact, it was so successful that in 1996, the twins had moved out of their childhood home and into a flat above the shop; later, the twins considered buying Zonko's Joke Shop in Hogsmeade, which had closed the previous year. Fred and George standing in their new store None of this would have been possible without the funding Harry Potter had given them in 1995. For Harry's generosity, the twins allowed him to take any merchandise free of charge. In the summer of 1996 Harry, Ron, and Hermione Granger visited the shop. Fred showed Harry around, showing him the wide verity of products in the back. He also offered Hermione a Patented Daydream Charm for free after she called them \"extraordinary magic\", but still charged Ron for his purchases. Ron also made some rude gestures at Fred for having him pay, which, to his misfortune, Mrs Weasley saw. Fred and George also questioned Ginny on her love life and how she was moving through boys too quickly, much to her irritation. Fred and George stay at the Burrow for Christmas That Christmas, the twins stayed at the Burrow for the holidays. When Percy arrived with Minister for Magic Rufus Scrimgeour, and it became clear that the two had only come so that the Minister could question Harry, Fred threw mashed parsnips at his older brother, along with George and Ginny, causing Percy to leave swiftly. In 1996, Fred appeared at King's Cross Station wearing a dragon-skin coat. These are very expensive and Fred was only able to buy it due to the fact that \"business was booming.\" Fred and George mocking Harry's appearance As supporters of Albus Dumbledore, George and Fred both joined the Order of the Phoenix once they were of age. They participated in the Battle of the Seven Potters, along with their father and their younger brother Ron. Fred and George took Polyjuice Potion to become one of the \"seven Potters\". While in Privet Drive they also tried numerous times to lighten the mood.Once in the air a large group of Death Eaters attacked the Order members and their charges, this led to a massive sky battle. Fred flew with his father on a broomstick, it is unknown what happened to them during the battle. He was upset to learn that his twin had lost an ear due to a Sectumsempra curse at the hands of Severus Snape. There was nothing that could be done about George's ear, as it had been cursed off with Dark magic. Although initially panicked to the point of being speechless when he saw his twin's loss, as soon as George started joking about it, Fred calmed down. Bill and Fleur's wedding day that Fred attended That same summer, Fred and George eagerly flirted with two \"pretty French girls\", who came to the Burrow to attend their brother Bill's wedding to Fleur Delacour. It is possible that these girls might have been related to Fleur. He also reminisced about his late uncle Bilius, to the entertainment of George, Ron, Harry, and Hermione. Discussing how Billius used to down a whole bottle of Firewhiskey, go out on to the dance floor left up his robes and pull out bunches of flowers. It is unknown whether or not Fred was still present at the wedding when Death Eaters stormed the wedding looking for Harry Potter.When the war reached its worst point in late 1997 and 1998, Fred participated under the code names \"Rodent\" and later \"Rapier\" in Potterwatch, a radio programme hosted by his friend Lee Jordan that opposed Voldemort's reign of terror. They spread the truth about the Death Eater regime that was not being reported by the Daily Prophet or other news outlets, and encouraged the public to support Harry Potter and to protect Muggles and wizards alike who were falling victim to the Death Eaters. Fred and George shortly before the start of the battle Fred, along with his family and friends, returned to Hogwarts in the spring to participate in the final battle. He and George were assigned to defend the castle's secret passages by Kingsley Shacklebolt. When the Death Eaters forced their way inside, Fred fought next to his brother Percy, who had recently been reconciled with the family and combated his former boss, Imperiused Minister for Magic Pius Thicknesse, transfiguring him. Ron and Molly crying over a deceased Fred While fighting, Fred was killed in an explosion outside the Room of Requirement by an unknown Death Eater. One of the last things Fred heard before dying was Percy joking about resigning from the Ministry. Percy wouldn't leave Fred's side until Harry helped him move the body to somewhere safer, coincidentally behind a suit of armour. His body was later moved to the Great Hall, where family and friends then mourned over him. His whole family, including extended family and friends such as Harry and Hermione, were devastated when Fred died. Ron and Harry came very close to forgetting their primary goal of hunting down Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in the wake of Fred's death, being so enraged that they wished to hunt down Death Eaters to kill, with only Hermione's persuasiveness were they able to restrain themselves. Percy became extremely furious that he chased down Rookwood in an attempt at revenge, and Molly was utterly murderous when Bellatrix Lestrange mocked her of Fred's death, to the point of killing her with astounding duelling skills. The rest of the Weasley family survived to see the downfall of Voldemort and the end of the war. His twin brother George later had a son whom he named Fred in honour of his lost brother.In the 2010s, Fred's past self appeared as a Foundable in two different instances during the Calamity. In the first, he appeared wearing a Weasley jumper with the letter F for his first name on the front, hounded by a pair of Howler Confoundables. Volunteer members of the Statute of Secrecy Task Force had to cast the Fire-Making Spell in order to disperse them. Fred also appeared alongside his Yule Ball date, Angelina, trapped by a snowstorm Confoundable, which required the usage of Meteolojinx Recanto in order to dispel it and return the pair to their own time.Fred, similar to all the Weasley children, had a head of flaming-red hair and abundant freckles. He had a shorter and stockier build, like his brothers George and Charlie, rather than a tall, thin build like his brothers Bill, Percy, and Ron. However, Fred was taller than Harry Potter, and thus was still above average height.He also has a big nose, like Molly. George and Fred dragging an invisible Harry Potter as he tries to sneak to Hogsmeade Fred Weasley was the more outgoing, daring, and sarcastic of the twins. During the rescue from the Dursleys in 1992, George picked the lock on Harry's bedroom door with a hairpin, while Fred insisted Muggle tricks were important to know, even if it was \"a bit slow\", and \"accidentally dropped\" a Ton-Tongue Toffee for Dudley Dursley to find and eat. Fred concocted the scheme of trying to fool Albus Dumbledore's Age Line to get into the Triwizard Tournament, though it was unsuccessful, and was in favour of blackmailing Ludo Bagman after he defaulted on a bet, while George had reservations.Fred tended to take the ringleader role in their pranks, but was also crueller in his humour or in dealing with those he disliked; for example, he and George had absolutely no compunction in forcing Montague into a Vanishing Cabinet, an act which, according to Malfoy, nearly killed him. However, it is possible that he was unaware that the cabinet was broken and thought Montague would have stumbled out of another cabinet, too confused to remember to dock points from them, as he initially was planning to do. Fred could be quite callous in dealing with the victims of his pranks, particularly his older brother Percy, but was more compassionate when he did not feel that the victim deserved it; he immediately provided Hermione Granger with bruise removal paste after she was accidentally given a black eye by the twins' boxing telescope. Fred was also the first to forgive Percy when he reconciled with the family.Both he and George were renowned for their senses of humour; they were able to make people laugh and relax even in very difficult times. Neither Fred nor George took school very seriously, but they were both very talented wizards, and demonstrated their ingenuity in their inventions and their business sense in running a highly lucrative shop. They were also staunchly loyal to their loved ones and very brave,(as evidenced by their been sorted into Gryffindor) and unafraid to stand up against what they thought was wrong, whether it was Dolores Umbridge's tyranny at Hogwarts or Death Eaters.Although not a high achiever academically, Fred was a very gifted and creative wizard. He and his brother were extremely skilled at charming and bewitching items. Harry Potter once expressed bewilderment as to how he and George received only three O.W.L.s each, remarking that they \"really know their stuff\". When the twins turned seventeen, they were able to use magic outside of Hogwarts and took full advantage of this. They did everything by [magic] and frequently Apparated around 12 Grimmauld Place and the Burrow.Flying: Fred was a highly talented Beater for the Gryffindor Quidditch team from his second year on. Oliver Wood described Fred and George as \"unbeatable\" and Harry Potter thought that they flew like two \"human Bludgers\". Fred was an excellent flyer and had highly precise aim, as proven in 1992, when he smashed a Bludger with exceptional aim towards Draco Malfoy, even though Malfoy had the fastest broom of the day, and Fred only a Cleansweep Five. In fact, he only missed because of Dobby the house-elf's intervention. After the twins left Hogwarts, Harry lamented that he was never able to find replacements as talented as they were for the team. He also showed highly skilled control of a broomstick when escaping Hogwarts in 1995. Weasleys' Wildfire Whiz-bangs, one of Fred and George's many inventions Charms: One of the few O.W.L.s Fred bothered to achieve was in Charms, a subject he and George were extremely talented in. Their skilled spellwork was necessary for many of their magical inventions for Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes. Charms professor Filius Flitwick was so impressed by their Portable Swamp that he left a portion of it intact within Hogwarts. Fred was also able to produce a fully corporeal Patronus in the form of a Magpie, a mark of his considerable proficiency and talent in charms, given the immense difficulty of casting such an advanced and difficult protective charm.Magical device invention: Fred was highly talented in the skill of inventing of original magical items. Along with George, Fred invented a wide variety of magical items for their shop. Some notable items include Extendable Ears, which can be used to eavesdrop on others, a series of sickness-inducing sweets, and Patented Daydream Charms, which Hermione Granger considered to be \"extraordinary magic\". Fred and George also invented items for protection rather than pranks, such as Decoy Detonators and Shield Hats; the latter were purchased by the Ministry of Magic itself for its employees as a protection method during the Second Wizarding War.Non-verbal magic: Fred was skilled at nonverbal spells, indicating a high degree of talent and discipline with magic. He once transfigured a sprout knife Ron threw at him into a paper aeroplane with nothing more than \"one lazy flick of his wand\".Herbology: Along with George, Fred was highly skilled in Herbology. He presumably took it in his sixth and seventh year, as he went to sell some Extendable Ears with George before a Herbology class in their seventh year. He was even capable, along with George, with experimenting with Venomous Tentacula seeds in the production of some of their Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, showing his skill in the subject.Transfiguration: Fred was proficient it transfiguration; it was one of the few O.W.L.s Fred ever tried to achieve. He was shown to be talented with transformation, given how he successfully turned a teddy bear into a spider when he was a young boy, and also effortlessly transformed a knife into a paper aeroplane with one lazy flick of his wand, showing his talent in this field.Potions: As part-owner of Weasley's Wizard Wheezes, Fred was quite skilled in creating new potions, most of the time with positive, humorous effects. He and Fred invented several love potions as part of their WonderWitch line of feminine products, showing his proficiency in potion-making, as love potions are known to be advanced brews.Defence Against the Dark Arts: Fred was skilled in Defence Against the Dark Arts; he achieved an O.W.L. in it and further improved his skills in Dumbledore's Army. Fred's talent at defence would contribute to his ability to invent Defence Against the Dark Arts items with George such as Decoy Detonators, and to obtain rare and useful defence items such as Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder. Fred also joined the Order of the Phoenix at a young age, and participated in a number of its operations. He fought in the Battle of the Seven Potters and came out unscathed, and in the Battle of Hogwarts, during which he defeated a Death Eater opponent and was in charge of guarding the secret school passages, along with George.Duelling: Fred was a skilled duelist even though he only fought in the Battle of the Seven Potters and the Battle of Hogwarts. He survived the Battle of the Seven Potters uninjured, and defeated many Death Eaters prior to his death in the Battle of Hogwarts, showing his excellent skills in martial magic to have participated in such violent and dangerous conflicts.Hogwarts secret passageways expert: Ever since Fred swiped the Marauder's Map from Argus Filch's office with George, they had a great knowledge of all of Hogwarts grounds including the secret passageways. Fred even once commented that the Map had taught him more at school than the professors had. The twins' knowledge of the grounds were second only to the Marauders. They seemed to have memorised the Map entirely, as they gave it to Harry in his third year and still remembered everything. This knowledge allowed Fred to tell Hermione Granger where the Hogwarts kitchens were, and for him and George to lead the defence of the school's secret passages during the Battle of Hogwarts.Apparition: Fred and George managed to pass their Apparition tests sometime prior to their final year in Hogwarts, apparently \"with distinction\". To celebrate their coming of age of being allowed to use magic outside of school, as well as making travelling a close distance easier, they both took to Apparating as often as possible, even over very short distances.Muggle tricks: Despite being pure-bloods and raised entirely in the wizarding world, Fred and George recognised the usefulness of certain Muggle abilities, and mastered several skills that they found amusing or useful, such as lock picking. As such, they launched a line of Muggle conjuring tricks in their shop, \"for freaks like Dad\", according to Fred, even though it was not much of a seller. However one girl was impressed enough that Fred quipped that they were almost like real magic. This may have been influenced by their father, Arthur Weasley, who also was interested in Muggles. This also demonstrates Fred and George's ingenuity, as not many people born into the magical world are familiar with Muggle devices or skills.Business: As Fred co-owned Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes alongside his brother George after leaving Hogwarts, his business skills were quite good, especially as they were able to operate it through Owl Orders before they purchased the main property at Diagon Alley, and when they were on the run before the Battle of Hogwarts. Fred's wand Wand: Fred Weasley's wand had been bought in 1989, if it was bought when he was eleven. Although it was most likely bought second-hand like many of the Weasley Family's possessions, the wood and core of Fred Weasley's wand was unknown. It is probable that the wand is most suitable for transfiguration and charm-work, due to Fred's talents and choice of subjects at Hogwarts.Marauder's Map: Along with George, Fred \"nicked\" the Marauder's Map from a drawer in Filch's office, during their first year. Sometime between then and 1993, he and George figured out how to unlock and erase the Map. He used the map ever since until 1993, he gave the map to Harry Potter in order for him to sneak into Hogsmeade. Cleansweep Five: Fred and his twin each flew on a Cleansweep Five broomstick when they played as Beaters for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Their use of such outdated broomsticks was likely due to their family's financial problems. Despite this, the twins were still very skilled in flying and as Beaters.Draco Malfoy, \"who could always afford the best,\" insulted Fred and George's vintage brooms by saying that a museum would bid for them. Their brooms, along with Harry Potter's, were confiscated by Dolores Umbridge when they assaulted Malfoy for insulting their families. After the twins released a Portable Swamp in defiance to the woman, they used a Summoning Charm to retrieve their brooms from her office, and used them to fly out of Hogwarts as a final act of rebellion. The broomsticks created two rather large holes in Umbridge's door.Prank and joke items: Including the items that he had already made, Fred owned a large collection of magical prank items that he had bought from Zonko's Joke Shop to help with their own development and enjoyment for pranks. These included Dungbombs, Dr Filibuster's Fabulous Wet-Start, No-Heat Fireworks, Boxing telescopes, and Stink Pellets.Toy broomstick: Fred owned a toy broomstick, which his youngest brother, Ron, accidentally broke in 1983. In revenge, Fred turned Ron's teddy bear into a large spider, leading Ron to become extremely arachnophobic. George Weasley: twin, best friend, and partner in crime George Weasley was Fred's twin, best friend, and partner in crime. They were about as close as two brothers can be. They did just about everything together. They often finished each other's sentences and spoke in a back and forth way that could confuse others at times. Together, Fred and George designed many ingenious pranks and shared the ambition to found a joke shop together. They were also both Beaters for the Gryffindor Quidditch team and close friends with Lee Jordan.George was devastated by the death of his twin in the Battle of Hogwarts, and would never truly get over this loss. He eventually named his firstborn son after Fred. The Weasley family on holiday in Egypt Ron, Ginny, George, and Fred in 1995 Like his younger siblings, Fred tended to look up to his older brothers Bill and Charlie. However, he and George delighted in teasing Percy, who was closer to their age and very different from them in personality. Their mother was always encouraging the twins to be more like Percy, who was responsible and academically motivated, but Fred and George thought him to be stuffy and arrogant. Thus, they frequently mocked any behaviour they saw as arrogant on his part, such as his pride in his position as a school prefect.The twins were the angriest with Percy when he became estranged with the rest of the family over their support of Albus Dumbledore and Harry Potter instead of the Ministry, but also seemed the most inclined to ask about him during his estrangement, as Fred asked their mother if Percy was coming home for the Christmas holidays in 1996. Fred was the first to accept Percy's apology during the Battle of Hogwarts, and he and George subsequently acted as if the split had never happened. During the battle, Fred and Percy fought side by side, and Percy was devastated over his brother's death, fiercely protecting his body and furiously pursuing Augustus Rookwood. Ron Weasley, his little brother The twins also enjoyed teasing their only younger brother, Ron. Notably, Fred transfigured his teddy bear into a spider after Ron broke his toy broomstick, once nearly manipulated him into taking an Unbreakable Vow with him and George, used his puffskein for bludger practice, and teased him over his embarrassing crush on Fleur Delacour. Fred and George sometimes pestered Ron to the point of infuriating him, such as when they mocked him for becoming a prefect, a position Ron never tried to use against them.However, they also helped Ron out, such as by giving him a copy of Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches and aiding him in transfiguring the Weasley family ghoul to resemble Ron with spattergroit as his cover while he was hunting Horcruxes with Harry and Hermione. Fred was quite close to his sister Ginny, who was similar to the twins in temperament, and sometimes joined them in teasing others, especially Ron. They were protective of her, as well, and disapproved of her love life, it is unknown to Fred that Harry and Ginny were going out during her fifth and his sixth year and then dated after the battle and then married.Following his death, Fred gained seven nieces and five nephews. Arthur and Molly Weasley, his parents Like most members of the Weasley family, Fred got on well with his parents. The atmosphere was generally light, relaxed and casual.Molly Weasley was often described as the only one Fred and George were afraid of, and was often unhappy with Fred's lack of seriousness and commitment to his learning. She was unhappy with both his earning of only three O.W.L.s and desire to own a joke shop. However, Mrs Weasley loved him very much and was devastated by her son's death during the Battle of Hogwarts, on 2 May 1998 and was seen crying over his dead body.Arthur Weasley was more laid back than his wife. While not overly supportive of Fred's wrongdoing, he seemed to encourage the trying of new things. Mr Weasley was excited when informed of Fred's adventure rescuing Harry Potter from the Dursleys and only pretended to be strict. However, he was cranky when Fred slipped Dudley Dursley an enchanted toffee. Mr Weasley was immensely saddened by Fred's death, and was seen with his wife near his dead body. Harry Potter, his friend and future brother-in-law Fred first met Harry Potter in his third year at Hogwarts, when Harry was beginning his first year and needed help on the train; then Harry became friends with Ron. The twins became friendly with him when he joined the Gryffindor Quidditch team as their Seeker, giving them hope to win the House Cup. After Harry Potter's encounter with Quirinus Quirrell, the twins were responsible for trying to send him a toilet seat to amuse him, but it was confiscated by Madam Pomfrey because it wasn't very hygienic.The following year, Fred and George cheered Harry up when many of the students believed that he might be the Heir of Slytherin, which they scoffed at, and the year after that, they gave him the Marauder's Map to help him sneak into Hogsmeade. They also stood up for Harry when others doubted his claim that Lord Voldemort had returned or challenged his authority in Dumbledore's Army, and assisted him in contacting Sirius Black when he told them and Ginny of his desire to speak to his godfather. Both twins risked their lives in the operation to remove Harry from his relatives' home in 1997.They seemed to regard Harry almost as another younger sibling, and were inclined both to be protective of him and teasing of him. Fred even stated that it was time for Harry to \"play with the big boys\" in Harry's third year when he was excluded from the Hogsmeade visit and Fred as well as George stayed behind with him. Harry was devastated by Fred's death during the Battle of Hogwarts to the point where he felt like the world had ended, though he could not bring himself to join the Weasleys' small group around his body.He eventually became Fred's brother-in-law through his marriage to Ginny. Hermione Granger, his friend and future sister-in-law Fred became friendly with Hermione Granger after she became a close friend to his younger brother Ron. Although Hermione disapproved of some of the twins' antics, since she was a Prefect, she generally got on fairly well with them. They seemed to regard Hermione like a sister, due to her relationship with Ron and as she is always trying to keep them on track, despite being almost two years younger than them.They were outraged when Draco Malfoy called her a \"Mudblood\" in 1992, to the point of attempting to physically attack him. Hermione also warned Fred and his twin brother that their Ageing Potion would not trick the age line protecting the Goblet of Fire due to the fact that Dumbledore would have thought of a foolish ageing potion in advance. They found out she was right when they were blown backwards and grew long, white beards. Fred and George also tried to get Hermione to relax, joking around with her about things such as their late uncle Bilius's penchant for making mischief at weddings.Hermione also admired the twins' cleverness and creativity in their spell work, once remarking that they could do some \"extraordinary magic,\" though she did not agree with how they put it to use. Hermione was also one of the few people willing to stand up to Fred and George when she disagreed with them. For example, when she caught them testing sweets from the Skiving Snackbox on first-year students with Lee Jordan, she was furious, and told them off for what she considered taking advantage of innocent children. Fred and George initially scoffed at her concerns and at her ability to make them stop, but backed down when she threatened to tell their mother. However, the twins did not seem to hold a grudge, as they continued to be friendly; Fred even later gave Hermione material from the joke shop free of charge. She was saddened by the death of Fred, comforting a swollen-eyed Ginny.Hermione would eventually become Fred's sister-in-law through her marriage to Ron. Angelina Johnson, his Yule Ball date Angelina Johnson was a Gryffindor in Fred's year at Hogwarts, and was on the house Quidditch team with him and George. They were good friends; Fred asked her with complete confidence and rather casually to go to the Yule Ball, and she accepted nonchalantly, but with \"a bit of a grin on her face\".The following year, Angelina became Captain of the Quidditch team and was annoyed with Fred and George when they were kicked off the team by Dolores Umbridge, as it hurt the team's chances. Angelina did not attend Bill Weasley and Fleur Delacour's wedding as Fred's date, and he flirted with cousins of the bride while there. However, the two seemed to still be on friendly terms, as they fought alongside one another during the Battle of Hogwarts.Angelina would go on to marry George and they even named their only son after Fred, as a means of honouring his memory. Minerva McGonagall, his former professor and head of house Minerva McGonagall was the Transfiguration teacher during Fred and his brother, George's years at Hogwarts. Although McGonagall was always well known for being strict and stern, but she was never shown punishing or even telling off Fred and George for their wild behaviour and many pranks. It was known however that they were good Quidditch players from a good family, and she was visibly displeased with having Fred, George, and Harry kicked off the Gryffindor Quidditch team.McGonagall often perceived the twins as troublemakers but seemed to share their dislike of Dolores Umbridge, who was the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher for a small time. McGonagall did not attempt to remove the fireworks that surfaced around the school causing great disruptions. When Fred made his legendary escape in 1996, McGonagall assisted Peeves to unscrew an overhead chandelier. It was Fred's desire that such mayhem existed.Lee Jordan was best friends with Fred and George during his time at Hogwarts, and often got into trouble along with them. They were good friends and they both appeared to have affection for Angelina Johnson. In 1995 they joined Dumbledore's Army and Lee helped the twins harass Dolores Umbridge, one incident of which resulted in him being punished by \"writing lines\", scarring his hand. In the 19971998 school year, during the height of the Second Wizarding War, Fred was a guest on Potter Watch, the resistance radio show Lee hosted. In May of 1998, Lee returned with Fred and George to fight in the Battle of Hogwarts. Filius Flitwick, his former professor Fred and George had a good relationship with many Hogwarts professors. Professor Filius Flitwick, the Charms professor and Head of Ravenclaw House, seemed to like them and he was very happy with their spell work. He also thought that they were very talented wizards and supported them in rebelling against Dolores Umbridge in 1995. When Fred and George set off fireworks around the grounds she spent a day running around putting them out. After she had finished inspecting Flitwick's classroom, he told her that he could have put them all out easily, but was concerned he didn't have the authority to do so.After Easter break, the twins used one of their inventions, a Portable Swamp to change a corridor and several courtyards into swamps, shortly afterwards they departed from school to go into the world of business. Flitwick was seen cheering and supporting them at their departure after they circled around Umbridge and Filch. Flitwick was asked to remove the swamp they created, which he did but left a small patch in the corner as he believed it to be really good magic. Rubeus Hagrid, his former professor Fred and George were friends of Rubeus Hagrid, the Care of Magical Creatures professor, throughout their time at Hogwarts. Hagrid seemed to be one of their favourite members of the staff, as he was not too serious and very tolerant, as many other professors were viewed as. They were also among the few people who still believed that Hagrid was a great person, even after they learned that he was a half-giant. Hagrid thought that Fred and George were trouble-makers, but still very funny.He once compared them with James Potter and Sirius Black. Furthermore, they were all among Harry Potter's closest friends. Fred and George fought in the Second Wizarding War along with Hagrid. However, during the Battle of Hogwarts, he, George, and Hagrid split up. Fred, meanwhile, met up with his older brother, Percy, and together they duelled Pius Thicknesse. However, Fred was killed in the explosion soon afterward. Albus Dumbledore, his former headmaster Both Fred and George appeared to respect the headmaster Albus Dumbledore. They, like many others, thought that he was the greatest wizard of all time. He seemed to like them as well, despite the fact that they did stir up trouble; He knew they were good people at heart.Along with George, Fred joined the Order of the Phoenix, an organisation founded by Dumbledore, in order to oppose Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters. They also joined Dumbledore's Army, in 1995, an army founded and led by Harry to oppose the Ministry's interference. Argus Filch and Mrs Norris The twins also disliked Argus Filch, the caretaker. Filch had punished them many times during their Hogwarts years, because they were trouble-makers. Fred also \"nicked\" the Marauder's Map from Filch, while he and George were in trouble in his office. Filch had a great knowledge of all Hogwarts' secret passageways, only beaten by Fred and George's. When Dolores Umbridge was appointed at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Filch supported her, and tried to punish the twins again. However, Fred and George escaped Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, flying with their broomsticks. Severus Snape, his former professor Fred and George disliked Severus Snape the potions master. Snape disliked them, too. This could be because of the fact that the Weasley twins were trouble-makers, like Snape's schoolboy rivals the Marauders, especially James Potter I and Sirius Black. Snape was eventually charged with being Death Eater; however, he was a double agent and working for the Order of the Phoenix. He accidentally hit George with a Sectumsempra spell, while aiming at a Death Eater during the Battle of the Seven Potters. During the Battle of Hogwarts, Fred never learned that Snape was on the Order's side due to the former's death.Fred and George hated Dolores Umbridge with a passion, who was appointed by the Ministry of Magic as the Defence Against the Dark Arts professor in 1995. Umbridge was a sadistic woman who enjoyed punishing and torturing students. Almost every resident of Hogwarts at the time hated Umbridge, but she particularly hated Harry Potter, Fred, and George. When George and Harry attacked Draco Malfoy, Umbridge kicked them off the team, along with Fred. They also created a Portable Swamp, in order to anger Umbridge. When she attempted to punish them, Fred and George insulted her in front of the whole school and then fled with their broomsticks. Dumbledore's Army, his allies In 1995, Fred and George joined Dumbledore's Army, an organisation founded and led by Harry Potter, in order to oppose Dolores Umbridge and teach Defence Against the Dark Arts to the other students. The twins knew most of them, and they had a good relationship with most members of the army, including Harry, Hermione, Ron, Ginny, Lee and Angelina.Some members of the army were also members of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, including Alicia Spinnet and Katie Bell. The girls appeared to be close with Fred, whom they possibly knew since their first year, as well as George. Both of them were very upset when Umbridge kicked Harry and the twins off the team. Fred met them again when they fought at the Battle of Hogwarts in 1998.Other members of the army were Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood, Dean Thomas, Seamus Finnigan, Lavender Brown, Parvati and Padma Patil, Colin and Dennis Creevey, Ernie Macmillan, Hannah Abbott, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Susan Bones, Cho Chang, Anthony Goldstein, Michael Corner, Terry Boot, Marietta Edgecombe and Zacharias Smith. Fred was friendly with them, although not very close; however, he disliked Zacharias Smith, who didn't believe that Voldemort had returned, and did not fight at the Battle of Hogwarts, as did Marietta Edgecombe, who betrayed the army to Umbridge. However, the rest of them fought for Dumbledore's Army, and at least two of them, Colin Creevey and Lavender Brown were killed by Death Eaters. James Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew Fred and his brother George regarded the Marauders with a kind of idolatry and they believed that they owed a lot to them, as their invention, the Marauder's Map, helped them to achieve a lot of their aims. Although they owned the map for many years, they did not refer to them as the Marauders, but instead they called them by their nicknames: Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs.While they were in possession of the map, the twins did not, however, work out that two of the Marauders were two of their friends in the Order of the Phoenix: Remus Lupin and Sirius Black. Neither were they aware that Prongs was in fact Harry's father, James, and that Wormtail was actually Death Eater Peter Pettigrew.He and George were both friends of Sirius Black. Sirius was friendly with them, but he argued with the twins (for example: when he told them to wait at home while their father was in danger). Sirius was killed by Bellatrix Lestrange during the Battle of the Department of Mysteries in 1996. The twins were saddened by his death, but tried not to remind Harry about it.They were also friends of Remus Lupin, whom they first met in 1993, when he was Defence Against the Dark Arts professor. They considered him among the best teachers of this lesson they had ever had. Lupin fought with the twins in many battles of the Second War, and was killed in the final battle, along with Fred. Their bodies were put near each other's in the Great Hall.It is unknown if the twins ever learnt the true identities of the Marauders, although it is possible they did eventually learn the truth after Voldemort's return considering that Sirius mentioned Pettigrew's nickname Wormtail in front of them while explaining Voldemort's intentions to them without them questioning that. It is also unknown if Lupin and Sirius ever learnt that the twins both had the Marauders Map in their possession during their time in Hogwarts. The original Order of the Phoenix, his alias Fred also became a member of the Order of the Phoenix during the Second Wizarding War. The Order was an organisation led by Albus Dumbledore in order to fight Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters. Fred had a good relationship with most members of the order. Some notable relationships include Remus Lupin, Sirius Black, his other family members (excluding Percy who had fallen out with the other Weasleys, and Ginny who was underage) and some of the Hogwarts professors.Another member of the Order that they knew was Nymphadora Tonks. Tonks and the twins were close in age, and they were friendly. They fought together in the Battle of the Seven Potters and the Battle of Hogwarts. Tonks was killed during the battle, too. Her body was put near Fred's, as well as Lupin's, after their death.The twins also knew Alastor Moody and Kingsley Shacklebolt. They appeared to have a good relationship, although they were not very close. When Moody was killed by Voldemort, everyone was sad. When the twins learned about it, they were joking with each other. They immediately stopped talking, and their expressions immediately switched to sadness. Kingsley survived the war and became Minister for Magic. The name Fred is generally considered a short form of the name Frederick. Alfred, and Wilfred, along with now being a name in its own right[1]. Frederick is the English form of a Germanic name meaning \"peaceful ruler,\" derived from frid, \"peace,\" and ric, \"ruler, power.\" It has been a very common name for rulers of the Holy Roman Empire, Germany, Austria, and Scandinavia, such as Frederick the Great of Prussia. Fred is also sometimes used as a diminutive of Alfred, derived from the Old English \\xc6lfr\\xe6d, meaning \"elf counsel,\" or Alfrid, meaning \"old peace.\" Alfred the Great was a ninth-century king of Wessex who battled the Danes and translated many Latin books into Old English. In Norwegian, Danish, and Swedish, Fred means \"peace.\"There has been some suggestion that Fred and George are named after their maternal uncles, Fabian and Gideon Prewett, who were killed in the First Wizarding War, who may have been twins, and who share Fred and George's first initials.Another possible significance of the twins' names is that George III became king because of the early death of Frederick, Prince of Wales. George III was also deaf in one ear. J. K. Rowling has stated that she chose the name for liking and and finding it fitting with the \"old-fashioned\" theme of the other Weasley brothers. Fred Weasley as a LEGO mini-figure Fred Weasley as a POP! Vinyl Fred Weasley (in his Yule Ball robes) as a POP! Vinyl Fred Weasley as seen in Harry Potter: Wizards Unite Fred Weasley as seen in Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells Fred is portrayed by British actor James Phelps in all eight Harry Potter film adaptations and so is one of the 14 characters to appear in all of the films.In the films, Fred and George are nearly always seen side-by-side. For the viewer to distinguish between Fred and George, actor James Phelps(Fred) is always placed on the left side of the screen and Oliver Phelps(George) is always placed on the right side of the screen, similar to how they are called \"Fred and George\".He and George may have been the basis for Kaoru and Hikaru Hitachiin from the shoujo manga, \"Ouran High School Host Club\". They are both a pair of red-haired, mischievous twins.Daniel Radcliffe plays Fred in the \"Seven Potters\" scene in his capacity as a decoy Harry.Fred's last words were: \"You actually are joking, Perce  I don't think I've heard you joke since you were \"In the games, they used to own a shop in a deserted bathroom in Hogwarts, where they sold Wizard Cards, Chocolate Frogs, Cauldron Cakes and other magical items.Fred and George each earned fewer O.W.L.s than the rest of their brothers.Fred and George were the only sons of Arthur and Molly Weasley who did not become prefects during their education at Hogwarts.When Harry Potter and his friends lost 150 House points in 1992, he lost favour with the Gryffindor Quidditch team. While understandable, it seems odd that Fred and George turned on him.In the novels, the twins are described as being \"shorter and stockier\" and Percy and Ron as \"long and lanky,\" but in the films, Fred and George are taller and leaner than both Percy and Ron.In her drawing of the Weasley family tree, J. K. Rowling put the year of Fred's death down as 1997. In canon, he actually died in May 1998.His name was Bellatrix Lestrange's last word, in the variation of \"Freddie.\" In the last film this line was cut out and instead it is George who calls Fred \"Freddie\" when asking if he was ready for battle. George: \"You okay, Freddie?\"Fred: \"Yeah\" George Weasley and Fred, before the battle. George addresses his brother as 'Freddie'Despite the fact that they only earned three O.W.L.s each, in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Fred mentioned that he was transfiguring a raccoon in Transfiguration. In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, George said that he might be able to sell a \"few Extendable ears before Herbology\" and Lee Jordan said that Fred and George played Exploding Snap during Defence Against the Dark Arts, and that they had an inspected Charms lesson.Fittingly, Fred and George are born on April Fools' Day.Fred and George might be named in honour of their mother's brothers Fabian and Gideon, as Fred and Fabian begin with the letter \"F\", and George and Gideon begin with the letter \"G\".The only times Fred or George have been injured were when they were apart. They were split up at the time of Fred's death and when George lost his ear.In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, it appears as though Fred is killed by a Death Eater as the last moment seen of Fred is him scrambling on the floor with a Death Eater standing over him just as both start to cast a spell. However, due to the brevity of the scene, it escapes most people that the twin in this scene is George, not Fred. The twin in this scene is wearing a purple jacket, which is what George wears during the Battle of Hogwarts; Fred's jacket is green. Furthermore, the ear is also a clue, as it is mangled and has no earlobe. Fred's death is not seen on-screen much to the dismay of fans. It is not on the DVD version, or in the deleted scenes.The only time Fred saw George as old men, was when they put their names into the Goblet of Fire.Oliver Phelps, who plays George, stated that it was quite upsetting for him to watch his real-life twin brother, James, act as if he were dead as Fred in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2.James Phelps admitted that when he was playing a dead Fred, he was actually asleep and the entire cast and crew went off to lunch without him, leaving him sleeping in the Great Hall set.J. K. Rowling has commented that she always knew Fred was going to be killed in the series, though she guessed that readers would have expected George to die first, since he was the \"gentler\" of the two: \"Fred is normally the funnier but also the crueller of the two. So they might have thought that George would be the more vulnerable one and, therefore, the one to die... Either one of them would have been terrible to kill. It was awful killing Fred. I hated that.\" She also described Fred and George as \"the risk-takers in the family... who just take a totally different life path and were prepared to risk everything\".Rowling has also stated that Fred and George are among her favourite characters.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film)Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (video game)Harry Potter and the Chamber of SecretsHarry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film)Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game)Harry Potter and the Prisoner of AzkabanHarry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film)Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (video game)Harry Potter and the Goblet of FireHarry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film)Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (video game) (NDS version only)Harry Potter and the Order of the PhoenixHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (video game)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood PrinceHarry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (film)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (video game) (Mentioned only)Harry Potter and the Deathly HallowsHarry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 (video game) (Voice only)Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 (video game) (Mentioned only)Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (Mentioned only)PottermoreWizarding WorldHarry Potter: A Pop-Up Book (Mentioned only)LEGO Harry Potter: Building the Magical WorldLEGO Harry Potter: Characters of the Magical WorldHarry Potter and the Forbidden JourneyHarry Potter: Quidditch World CupJ.K. Rowling: A Year in the Life (Mentioned only)LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7LEGO Harry PotterHarry Potter Trading Card GameHarry Potter: The Character VaultHarry Potter: The Creature Vault (Mentioned only)LEGO DimensionsHarry Potter: Hogwarts MysteryHarry Potter: Wizards UniteHarry Potter: Puzzles & SpellsHarry Potter: Magic Awakened (Mentioned only)"