"This gang of Slytherins was a group of students who attended Hogwarts in the 1970s.According to Sirius Black, they were all in Slytherin House and most, if not all, became Death Eaters during the First Wizarding War. This group appeared to occasionally bully other students such as Mary Macdonald. They likely targeted Muggle-born students and blood traitors.It was partially Severus Snape's relationship with this group that lead his friendship with Lily Evans to end unpleasantly. It is likely that they played a role in influencing his prejudice towards Muggles and his inclusion into the Death Eater ranks.Severus SnapeEvan RosierWilkesAveryMulciberRodolphus LestrangeBellatrix BlackLucius Malfoy (possibly)Rabastan Lestrange (possibly)Regulus Black (possibly)Narcissa Black (possibly)Sirius Black claims that Bellatrix Lestrange was associated with this group, but according to the Black family tree, she was born in 1951 and her time at Hogwarts would not have overlapped with Severus Snape's at all. This might be a mistake on J. K. Rowling's part, but it is possible that Sirius remembered his cousin Bellatrix (who presumably lived in 12 Grimmauld Place before her marriage) spending time with her fellow future Death Eaters outside of school and simplified the connection when he was speaking to Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger.Lucius Malfoy might have been associated with this group as well. He is familiar with Snape and many of the other members of the gang, and he attended Hogwarts around the same time.There are members from the Avery, Lestrange, Mulciber, and the Rosier families in both this gang and in Tom Riddle's gang. Both gangs are noted for their membership with the Death Eaters, and considering the timeline, it is possible that they are sets of parents and children. The parents would have joined Tom Riddle's gang in the 1940s, and the children joined the Gang of Slytherins in the 1970s.None of these individuals attempted to help Snape during Snape's Worst Memory, even though Avery and Mulciber (whom Lily Evans singled out as his close friends among the gang) were probably in his year and would have joined the exodus outside after their Defence Against the Dark Arts OWL. It is unknown why, but considering how adamantly Snape defended them during the Prince's Tale, there might have been a hierarchy to their friendship in which the impoverished half-blood ranked lower than the two (presumed) pure-bloods. Alternatively, they had simply not lingered on the grounds and already gone elsewhere, and hence only learned about the incident after the fact.Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (First mentioned)Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Mentioned only)"