"Jae Bo Kim (born c.1972/1973) was a wizard who began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1984 and was Sorted into Gryffindor.Jae was born in 1972 or 1973, to a family of Korean origin. His family had a recipe for tteokbokki that Jae would later choose as his entry at the Great Hogwarts Cook-Off during the 19881989 school year. In his childhood he owned a dog named Tarragon. In his childhood, his parents took him to celebrate his birthday at the Three Broomsticks Inn. They also had a family recipe for a cake which Jae had every year for his birthday.In his second year, Jae was hit with a hex cast by Merula Snyde.In his third year, Jae took Care of Magical Creatures, Divination and the Muggle Studies as electives.In his fifth year, Jae had Defence Against the Dark Arts and History of Magic classes with Jacob's sibling.Jae had to work in the Hogwarts kitchens for detention due to bringing banned items to Hogwarts. In detention, he befriended Jacob's sibling and gave one of three items to them for free. Afterward, the two went to study in the Hogwarts Library along with Rowan Khanna, Tulip Karasu, and Barnaby Lee to figure out what kind of spell could have caused Beatrice Haywood to get stuck in a portrait. After the group came to the conclusion that it was due to an Undetectable Extension Charm, Jae shocked the rest by knowing about the regulations of the charm.Jae earned at least nine O.W.L.s: he achieved an Acceptable mark in Charms, Potions, Transfiguration, Care of Magical Creatures, Herbology, and History of Magic, an Outstanding in Defence Against the Dark Arts, and an unknown mark in Divination and Astronomy. Sometime during the year, he became a founding member of the Circle of Khanna, a group devoted to avenging Rowan Khanna and locating the final cursed vault. It was at the groups first meeting in the Hog's Head Inn that he learned of the malevolent organisation \"R\" and it's motives to locate the final Cursed Vault before them.Jae Kim was a notorious and easy-going rule-breaker who sold a contraband of banned items during his time at Hogwarts. He shared similar perspectives on rules with fellow trouble-maker Tulip Karasu, but while Tulip enjoyed breaking the rules, Jae preferred to work his way around them. He was shown to be intensely dedicated to his bootlegging operations, only caring about selling his illegal wares, and not at all what his customers did with them, thus making him the most amoral of all of Jacob's sibling's friends. The full extent of his opportunism became apparent during the O.W.L.s, when he sold desperate students items they could cheat on the exams with, with Jae failing to mention that they were very likely to get caught and thus ruin any future career prospects. He was an indolent individual, despising having to study or do any physical work and preferring to take the easy road instead.Despite his faults, however, Jae was ultimately shown to be a good-natured and loyal friend, going out of his way to aid Jacob's sibling in the latter's quest for the Cursed Vaults. He also appeared to be more intelligent than he let on, being able to achieve an 'Outstanding' on his Defence Against the Dark Arts O.W.L. and to recognise the charm that cursed Beatrice Haywood as an Undetectable Extension Charm.Defence Against the Dark Arts: Jae was very adept in this field, as he achieved an 'Outstanding' in his O.W.L. exam, and proceeded to continue studying the subject at N.E.W.T.-level.Charms: Jae was skilled with charm-work. He had some mastery over some duelling charms like the Disarming Charm, the Tickling Charm, the Freezing Charm. He also achieved an O.W.L in this subject. Furthermore, he was proficient with the casting of Food-related charms.Divination: Jae was able to achieve an O.W.L. in this subject and continue studying it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus displaying aptitude in the subject.Duelling: Jae was a proficient duellist, and would sometimes duel Jacob's sibling.History of Magic: Jae was skilled in History of Magic, as he was able to achieve an O.W.L. in the subject and study it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus showing aptitude in the subject.Astronomy: Jae was skilled in Astronomy, as he was able to achieve an O.W.L. in the subject and study it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus showing aptitude in the subject.Healing magic; Jae had some skill in the field of healing, as he was able to successfully cast the Episkey healing Spell.Dark Arts: Jae was shown to be possess a degree of skill in the Dark Arts, being able to successfully cast dark charms such as the Knockback Jinx and the Full Body-Bind Curse.Muggle Studies: Jae earned an O.W.L in Muggle Studies and continued the subject on N.E.W.T level.Despite the fact that he is shown to have seven O.W.L.s, which do not include Divination and Astronomy, he is shown taking the subjects in his sixth year. The same is also true for Jacob's sibling.He was a good player at Exploding Snap, whether fairly or not. He claimed that it wasn't cheating, but simply smart play.+ Yumboes+ Apparition+ Their master/Their master's family+ BeingKim, meaning Gold in Korean, is the most populous surname in North and South Korea, suggesting he is from a Korean family. The name Jae can also have a Korean origin. Depending on the hanja used to writing it, it could mean \"talent\", \"wealth\", \"cultivate\" or \"again\".Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First appearance)"