"Kellah (born c. 1980) was a witch who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1991 to 1998 and was Sorted into Gryffindor House.Kellah shared a dormitory in Gryffindor Tower with Hermione Granger, Lavender Brown, Parvati Patil, and another girl whom she stayed with for six years. In her third year at Hogwarts, she chose Care of Magical Creatures as an elective subject, with Rubeus Hagrid as her professor.Kellah was born in either 1979 or 1980, likely in either Great Britain or Ireland.In 1991, Kellah began her magical studies at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and was Sorted into Gryffindor House, home to the brave and daring, during the Sorting ceremony. Along with the other Gryffindors, Kellah was led by Percy Weasley to the Gryffindor Common Room and through the Fat Lady's portrait. She shared a dormitory with Hermione Granger, Lavender Brown, Parvati Patil and other unidentified girls. Her Head of House was Minerva McGonagall, the Professor of Transfiguration. Kellah sitting with Harry, Ron, and Hermione during the Welcoming Feast In 1993, Kellah did clap after Rubeus Hagrid was announced as Silvanus Kettleburn's successor as the Care of Magical Creatures professor, although very unenthused, unlike her fellow enthusiastic Gryffindors, implying she may not have been massively fond of him. Kellah sitting next to Seamus Finnigan during a DADA lesson Remus Lupin was appointed as the Defence Against the Dark Arts professor that school year. Kellah attended her first Defence Against the Dark Arts class when she presented a Boggart to the class. One by one, each student had to confront the Boggart, which would take the form of their greatest fear. Kellah's turned into either a rat, rattlesnake or a bloody eyeball. Kellah with Ron presenting Harry's broken broom This year, she chose Care of Magical Creatures as an elective subject and was present when Professor Rubeus Hagrid, Professor Silvanus Kettleburn's successor, presented a Hippogriff named Buckbeak to the class. Kellah also was around Harry Potter's bed in the hospital wing and presented his broken broomstick to him with Ron Weasley. Kellah appeared to be close with Seamus Finnigan, opting to sit with him during lessons and meal times as opposed to her friends Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil.She was a black girl with black/brown hair worn in braids. She wore a single stud earring on each ear.Kellah appears only in the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Portrayed by Kandice Morris, this character is listed in the film's credits as simply \"Girl 1,\" but on the actress' casting agency profile, her name is given.Kellah is mistakenly listed as Lavender Brown in an article in the August 3, 2007 issue of Entertainment Weekly.Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) (First appearance)PottermoreWizarding World"