"Liz \"Lizard\" Tuttle was a witch who began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1984 and was Sorted into Slytherin. She chose Care of Magical Creatures as one of her electives.Liz began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry on 1st of September 1984 and was sorted into Slytherin. Liz owned a male frog named Sir Ribbithe. Liz Tuttle taking notes during a Care of Magical Creatures class During her third year, Liz took Care of Magical Creatures and Divination as electives. She befriended Hufflepuff Penny Haywood at some point during her year, before meeting a friend of Penny's, who was looking for ingredients for Polyjuice Potion. Liz pointed her wand at the person and demanded them to choose between the Billywig, Bowtruckle and Bundimun.In the first Care of Magical Creatures class during the 19871988 school year, aside from Barnaby Lee, Liz appeared to be one of the friendlier Slytherin students, who showed genuine interest in the course. She exclaimed to not having seen anything as beautiful as a Fire Crab shooting flame out its rear.She later mentioned during another Care of Magical Creatures class that she had attended a luau in Fiji where Fire Crabs were used.When Jacob's sibling went to talk to the Bloody Baron to ask about Duncan Ashe, Liz joined them along with fellow Slytherins Barnaby Lee, Merula Snyde and Ismelda Murk. Liz thought Barnaby's jokes involving the word \"bloody\" were funny.During the 19891990 school year, her sixth year, Liz proceeded to take N.E.W.T. level Potions, History of Magic, Care of Magical Creatures and Divination.Sometime during the year, she became a founding member of the Circle of Khanna, a group devoted to avenging Rowan Khanna and locating the final cursed vault. It was at the groups first meeting in the Hog's Head Inn that she learned of the malevolent organisation \"R\" and its motives to locate the final Cursed Vault before them.She was socially awkward and had difficulty with befriending others, and most other students viewed her as weird. She loved magical creatures and had the desire to become a Magizoologist like Newt Scamander. She cared deeply the well-being of creatures: she was afraid the blood on the Bloody Baron was the blood of an animal, and she was known to object to animal-to-object Transfigurations.Potions: Liz achieved an 'Outstanding' in her O.W.L. Potions exam, meaning she was able to advance to the N.E.W.T.-level Potions class taught by Severus Snape, showing considerable talent in this field.Care of Magical Creatures: From an early age, Liz was highly passionate about Magizoology and started studying Care of Magical Creatures from her third year onward. She later earned either an \"Exceeds Expectations\" or \"Outstanding\" grade in her O.W.L., as she studied the subject at N.E.W.T., showing considerable proficiency in this field.Divination: Whilst not being a natural born Seer like her mother, Liz was still talented in the art of Divination in her own right, as she earned a high enough grade at O.W.L. in the subject which allowed her to study it at N.E.W.T. level.History of Magic: Liz was knowledgeable and proficient in the study of magical history, as she was able to study the subject at N.E.W.T. level.In Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery, players who advanced into Year 4 prior to 12 July, 2018, would first meet Liz in Year 4; this is due to the belated released Side Quest \"Polyjuice Potion,\" which actually chronologically happened in Year 3.In Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery, during the \"Search for Odour\" part of the Care of Magical Creatures class, when clicking \"Sniff Liz,\" the speech bubble \"Lizard smells like lake water and hay\" would appear; indicating either her full first name or nickname is \"Lizard,\" or it is a typo. It was later revealed that Lizard was in fact her nickname.Liz Tuttle was used in the Rotate Puzzle game on Novel Games on 13 July 2019.During the Talk to Liz section of Thestral Care of Magical Creatures classes, Liz can mention wanting to request meat-free sandwiches for meals, which suggests she might be a vegetarian or vegan.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First appearance)"