"Lucretia Prewett (n\\xe9e Black) (1925  1992) was a pure-blood witch from the pure-blooded House of Black who was the eldest daughter of Arcturus Black III and Melania Macmillan, and the older sister of Orion Black. She married Ignatius Prewett and never had any children.She was born in 1925 as the eldest daughter of Arcturus Black III and Melania Macmillan and was the sister of Orion. She went to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1936 or 1937, where she was sorted into Slytherin house.She married Ignatius Prewett, making her the aunt of Gideon, Fabian, and Molly Prewett (later Weasley). It is unknown if she was close to her relatives by marriage.She was also Sirius and Regulus Black's biological aunt and a second cousin of Arthur Weasley, Molly's husband.She died in 1992 and is depicted on the Black family tree tapestry.Lucretia was a legendary Roman noblewoman who was raped by the son of the King of Rome. She told her husband and father what had happened to her and demanded they exact vengeance, then committed suicide. This led to the downfall of the Roman monarchy and the establishment of the Roman republic. The name \"Lucretia\" comes from the Roman family name Lucretius, possibly derived from the Latin lucrum, \"profit, wealth.\" Lucrezia Borgia was a Renaissance noblewoman born into a family notorious for its ruthlessness and corruption. Personally, Lucrezia was accused of incest, poisoning, and murder, but she was most likely innocent of these crimes.281 Lucretia is an asteroid belonging to the Flora family in the Main Belt. It was discovered by Johann Palisa on 31 October 1888 in Vienna and named after Caroline Herschel, one of the first female astronomers, whose middle name was Lucretia. This fits with the Black family's tradition of astronomical names.Horace Slughorn said that all the Blacks were in Slytherin except Sirius, so therefore Lucretia, who had Slughorn as her Potions professor from c. 1936-1943, was likewise in Slytherin.Since Lucretia and her cousin/sister-in-law Walburga Black were born on the same year, it is most likely that they were classmates at Hogwarts.Lucretia is depicted on the family tree tapestry very much like Misapinoa Blishwick (n\\xe9e Black).Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film) (First appearance) (Appears on Black family tapestry)"