"Rionach O'Neal was a witch and Gryffindor student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1990s.Rionach O'Neal started attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and was sorted into Gryffindor House at unknown date. Rionach was attending the school from at least the 19931994 school year.Rionach was at least in her second year when delegations from Beauxbatons Academy of Magic and Durmstrang Institute spent the year at the school for the Triwizard Tournament. Dolores Umbridge forcing Rionach and her boyfriend apart Rionach was seen passing by Harry Potter and Cho Chang, when a commotion broke out as Dolores Umbridge attempted to dismiss Sybill Trelawney.By this school year, she had entered into a romantic relationship and had kissed the boy in question in the halls of Hogwarts on at least one occasion; however, Professor Umbridge had forced them apart when she saw them.Rionach attended the school in the 19961997 school year when Professor Dumbledore was killed at the hands of another teacher. Then the next year, she continued to attend the school, despite it having fallen under Death Eaters' control. It's unknown whether she fought in the Battle of Hogwarts or evacuated before the fight began.Rionach had fair skin and a good complexion. She had long dark brown hair, which she kept in two French braids during the 19951996 school year. She was tall and willowy.Rionach is a variant of the Irish R\\xedoghnach, which means \"queen\". O'Neal is a form of the Irish Gaelic Ua N\\xe9ill, meaning \"grandson/descendant of Niall\".Rionach O'Neal was portrayed by Marianne Chase in the Harry Potter films. Chase was initially only credited as O'Neal for Prisoner of Azkaban, with most of her other appearances credited as \"Gryffindor Student\". However, her Mandy profile was later updated to state she played the same character in her subsequent appearances.What Rionach did in every film is unknown, apart from her confirmed appearance in them. Exceptions being Prisoner of Azkaban and Order of the Phoenix.In the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Rionach was a Chaser for the Gryffindor Quidditch team during the match against Hufflepuff. She visited the Hospital Wing after the match, as Harry Potter and another team member were injured, and was seen at the bedside of the unknown team member.This particular appearance of Rionach's is not canon, since every player in the team, including the three Chasers (Katie Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet), are known in the book, with Rionach not being one of them.In the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Rionach is recognised in three scenes, including her kissing scene.Rionach had an unknown but confirmed appearance as a student in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, but it's unknown whether she fought in the Battle of Hogwarts or evacuated.Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film) (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (film)Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2"