"Uric the Oddball was a medieval wizard, who became famous for his eccentric behaviour, such as wearing a jellyfish as a hat, and sleeping in a room with fifty pet Augureys. He is considered to be one of the most unconventional and weirdest wizards in history, and, as such, is often the punchline of wizarding jokes.Uric was born in the Middle Ages, no earlier than 982, somewhere in the British Isles. In his youth, Uric attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where he was Sorted into Ravenclaw. Uric the Oddball in his trademark jellyfish hat At some point, Uric became famous for wearing a jellyfish for a hat. This, among other things, is still what Uric is best remembered for.Uric was known to have slept in a room with fifty pet Augureys. The Augurey's distinctive low and throbbing cry was once believed to foretell death, although the bird actually cries at the approach of rain. On a particularly rainy winter, the moaning of his Augureys convinced Uric that he was dead, and had returned as a ghost. He constantly attempted to walk through the walls of his house, which resulted in a ten-day long concussion.At one time, Uric the Oddball attempted to prove that the song of the Fwooper was actually beneficial to one's health. After listening to it for three months without a break, he presented his findings to the Wizards' Council. The Council was left unconvinced, as Uric arrived at the meeting wearing nothing but a toupee that, on closer inspection, proved to be a dead badger. Uric's depiction on a Chocolate Frog Card Uric died sometime in the Middle Ages. In honour of his eccentricity, a small biography of him was recorded on a Chocolate Frog Card. At some point, Radolphus Pittiman studied Uric's life, and became his biographer.In the 19891990 school year at Hogwarts, Uric the Oddball was the subject of a sixth year History of Magic lecture, and one of the very few delivered by Binns to evoke any interest from the students; Charlie Weasley thought he seemed like a laugh and wanted to meet him, Andre Egwu respected his dodgy but creative fashion sense, Ben Copper respected his courage to be whatever he wanted to be, and Tulip Karasu, herself often considered eccentric and chaotic, called him an artist ahead of his times.In the 1991-1992 school year, students of History of Magic at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry would scribble down names and dates, and mix up Uric the Oddball with Emeric the Evil, while Professor Binns droned on.On 1 September, 1991, Prefect Robert Hilliard welcomed the Ravenclaw first years to Ravenclaw Tower with a short speech in which he mentioned eccentric Uric the Oddball as one of the many notable Hogwarts students who had been Sorted, like them, into Ravenclaw.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (First mentioned)Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (video game) (Appears on a Famous Wizard Card)Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game) (Appears on a Famous Wizard Card)Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (Mentioned only)J. K. Rowling's official site (First appearance)Pottermore (Mentioned only)Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (Appears on a Famous Wizard Card)"