"Wilfred Levi Kidd, also known as Leviosa Kid or just simply Levi, was a wizard and student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1980s and was Sorted into Gryffindor. He had Charms, Flying, and History of Magic classes with Jacob's sibling.Levi started attending Hogwarts on 1 September 1984 and was sorted into Gryffindor House.Levi frequently struggled with the Levitation Charm in Charms classes, taught by Professor Flitwick.In his first year, he bit someone. Jacob's sibling suspected that he was the werewolf whom Cecil Lee was looking for. Rowan Khanna doubted it.During his second year, Levi worried about Ben Copper being missing. He also noticed Headmaster Dumbledore's absence, and suggested that it was due to either Ben or He Who Must Not Be Named.By their fifth year, Jacob's sibling and their friends did not remember Levi's name; Jacob's sibling had completely forgotten he was in their year by that point. Ben Copper considered it too rude to ask him his name.Shortly before Hallowe'en 1988, the boy volunteered to help Albus Dumbledore decorate the Great Hall for the Hallowe'en Feast. He carved pumpkins along with Jacob's sibling, Rowan Khanna, Penny Haywood and Bill Weasley. Jacob's sibling and Rowan did not remember his name, and the latter wondered whether he'd be offended if they asked him for his name. They hoped he didn't try to levitate the pumpkin he was working on, and noticed that he appeared to be carving a feather in to it. He also helped the two make decorations.   Levi receives his O.W.L. results  At the end of the school year, he took the Ordinary Wizarding Levels and got at least three Acceptable grades. Despite struggling with the subject, he managed to get a high enough grade in Charms to continue taking the subject at N.E.W.T. level. He also continued taking History of Magic and Transfiguration.He also was one of the spectators of the play Equinox Enchanted.He tried to participate in the Great Hogwarts Cook-Off by making a levitating souffl\\xe9, but had to ask Professor Flitwick's help regarding the Levitation Charm.During the 19891990 school year, Levi asked Jacob's sibling to tutor him in becoming a Curse-Breaker. They went on a mission together with Bill Weasley. When it was over, he also successfully mastered the Levitation Charm.After Rowan Khanna's death, his dad wanted to pull him out, because he thought Hogwarts wasn't safe.According to Levi in his seventh year, he was better at History of Magic than Charms. However, he didn't even know who Emeric the Evil was until Corey Hayden explained.Charms: Although he spent many years failing to master this simple charm, he eventually mastered the Levitation Charm in his sixth year. He also passed the subject with a high enough grade at Ordinary Wizarding Level.History of Magic: He enjoyed studying History of Magic at Hogwarts, and managed to gain a high enough grade in the subject at Ordinary Wizarding Level.Transfiguration: He was able to study Transfiguration at N.E.W.T.-level, meaning he gained a high enough grade in the subject at Ordinary Wizarding Level. He demonstrated the ability to transform a feather duster into a skunk one lesson.Levi stays unidentified in the first five years of Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery, until The Rise of a Curse-Breaker adventure, which is set in the sixth year and focuses on him.When Jacob's sibling casts a powerful Levitation Charm to levitate themselves, they mention they have been \"practising it over and over with a struggling Gryffindor kid in Charms class\". Although unconfirmed, they were likely referring to Levi.Levi was the only student in Jacob's sibling's History of Magic class whose name was unknown until Jacob's sibling became friends with him, and he was also the only one in the class who is not in their Defence Against the Dark Arts class.Levi's name is a play on \"Leviosa Kid\", which he came to be known as by fans of the game due to Jacob's sibling constantly being asked by Professor Flitwick to assist him with the Levitation Charm during Charms class.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First appearance)"