"Professor Basil Fronsac was a wizard. A scholar and a strong supporter of Ravenclaw house, he was appointed as Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry sometime before Armando Dippet. There is a portrait of him hung in the Headmaster's office, in order to give advice to the current Head, and several others of a younger him on the Castle's main halls.Basil Fronsac attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in his youth and was sorted into Ravenclaw. In his elderly years, Professor Fronsac was appointed Headmaster of Hogwarts. A middle-aged Fronsac In 1993, Professor Fronsac had several portraits hung at Hogwarts Castle; quite a few of them at the Grand Staircase.By 1995, his portrait was hung at the Grand Staircase. The portrait guarded a shortcut leading to the second-floor corridor, near the Library. He held a pocket watch and his password was \"Studious Success\". He would be happy to help any \"inquisitive minds\" that could find out where Rowena Ravenclaw came from.In the next school year, the portrait was moved to the Dungeons. He still guarded a secret passage, this time leading to the Grand Staircase. His password became \"Libraries Liberate\".The name \"Basil\" is from the Greek name \"\" (\"Vasileios\"), which was derived from \"\" (\"Basileus\"), meaning \"king\". Saint Basil the Great was a 4th-century bishop of Caesarea and one of the fathers of the early Christian church. It was also borne by two Byzantine emperors.\"Fronsac\" is a French surname denoting a person who came from the town of Fronsac, which dates back to Gaulish times. In modern times, it is most notable for its namesake wine.The portrait of the middle-aged Basil Fronsac appears to be a homage to a portrait of Henry James by John Singer Sargent, which was painted in 1913. This might suggest that Fronsac served as the Hogwarts headmaster in the early twentieth century or late nineteenth century.Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film) (Disc 2)Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (video game) (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (video game) (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (video game) (Appears in portrait(s))The Wizarding World of Harry Potter (Appears in portrait(s))The Making of Harry Potter (Appears in portrait(s))Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (Appears in portrait(s))"