"Billingsley was a wizard who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry during Jacob's sibling's time at school. He appeared to be a very popular student who was proficient in both Transfiguration and Charms classes, which many other students spoke about often.Billingsley started attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1983 or 1984. He became very well known for the many ways he transfigured objects, which was spoken about and often admired in Transfiguration class by Jacob's sibling's year.Billingsley's many achievements include turning a satchel to a goat, the teacher's desk to a ball of yarn, and himself to a surfboard which made McGonagall very upset with him. In an unknown way, Billingsley's head was once trapped in an umbrella flower. He also levitated himself and the staff was unable to get him down for some time.He was less skilled with charms-work, however. In his first year, he recited an incantation incorrectly (presumably for the Fire-Making Spell), and accidentally set fire to the Boathouse. He also once spilled some Swelling Solution on the hands of Potions Master Severus Snape.In the 19881989 school year, Billingsley accidentally Transfigured a ferret into a fountain instead of a feather duster. During the same year, Andre Egwu noted that animals seemed to hate Billingsley. Later that year, Jacob's Sibling also recalled that Professor McGonagall had made him dust her chalkboard after he transfigured her hat. He also performed the Exploding Charm during breakfast, splattering eggs and bacon everywhere.According to Charlie Weasley, sometime during 19891990 school year Billingsley showed up to class in his jim jams.Charms: Billingsley was proficient with charm-work, with his skills in this field of magic often being discussed by other Hogwarts students. He was a high academic achiever in Charms class, and was able to perform many charms successfully, albeit sometimes recklessly, such as the Exploding Charm.Transfiguration: This highly advanced and difficult branch of magic was Billingsley's main area of expertise, being reputed for his excellent skills in this field. He was capable of transforming many objects, including numerous animals as well. He was known to be a top academic achiever in Transfiguration class, testament to his talent.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First mentioned)"