"Damocles Belby O.M. (unknown class) was a wizard and potioneer who was famous for inventing the Wolfsbane Potion. This achievement was likely the reason he was awarded an Order of Merlin award.While being educated at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Damocles Belby was a favourite student of Horace Slughorn, the Potions Master, who remarked that he was an \"outstanding\" wizard.After graduating from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Damocles Belby went on to become a Potioneer and invented the Wolfsbane Potion sometime after the mid-1970s. This potion, made up mostly of Aconite, was able to relieve (but not cure) the effects of Lycanthropy by allowing the werewolf to retain his or her human intelligence while transformed. The potion's development led to werewolves gaining a better chance to integrate themselves into wizarding society, which presumably resulted in his Order of Merlin award. Damocles had a nephew, Marcus Belby, who stated that his uncle and father did not get along. As such, Damocles had little contact with his relatives, and was not very well known to his nephew Marcus. This is probably why Marcus failed to gain much recognition in the Slug Club from Slughorn.Horace Slughorn claimed that Damocles Belby was an \"outstanding wizard\" and that he well deserved his Order of Merlin award, meaning he was likely highly proficient in many branches of magic.Potions: Damocles Belby was extremely adept in the art of potion-making. He was one of Horace Slughorn's finest students, and after graduating Hogwarts, he developed an accomplished career as a Potioneer. He was also so skilled that he managed to invent the Wolfsbane Potion, a potion \"particularly complex\" according to Remus Lupin.Latinized form of the Greek name  (Damokles), which was derived from  (damos) \"the people\" (a Doric Greek variant of  (demos)) and  (kleos) \"glory\". In Greek legend Damocles was a member of the court of Dionysius the Elder, the king of Syracuse. Damocles expressed envy of the king's station so Dionysius offered to switch roles with him for a day. To illustrate to Damocles the peril of a man in his position he suspended a sword over the throne.The text of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince only refers to Damocles as Marcus's uncle, but does not make it clear if he is a paternal or maternal uncle. As such, this individual's surname was uncertain. He was later referred to as \"Damocles Belby\" in Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery.Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (First mentioned)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (film) (Mentioned as Marcus Belby's \"uncle\")Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First identified as Damocles Belby)"