"Diego Caplan (born c.1972/1973) was a wizard who began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1984 and was sorted into Hufflepuff.During his Hogwarts years, he became known as the best duellist at Hogwarts. He trained Merula Snyde due to her constant failures to defeat Jacob's sibling in a duel.In his third year, Diego took Muggle Studies as electives.In his fifth year, he helped Jacob's sibling prepare for a duel against their Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Patricia Rakepick. He signed Jacob's sibling up as his teammate in the Team Dance Contest and did the Badger Shuffle, an original move created by him and his father.In his sixth year, he was in the Clock Tower Courtyard when Jacob's sibling met Cedric Diggory for the first time. Unlike the other student there, Diego was not impressed by Cedric, and instead jealous of the younger Hufflepuff for being the most popular student at the school. Diego joined Jacob's sibling in looking for Sickleworth while their other friends were busy spending time with Cedric. The two went to look for Sickleworth in the Care of Magical Creatures class, where Ismelda Murk and Beatrice Haywood were tossing Puffskeins. The two failed to find the Niffler, but managed to find a trail. Instead of following the trail with Jacob's sibling, Diego left in order to practise his spellwork to make sure he was still better at duelling than Cedric. Later that year, he became a founding member of the Circle of Khanna, a group devoted to avenging Rowan Khanna and locating the final cursed vault. It was at the groups first meeting in the Hog's Head Inn that he learned of the malevolent organisation \"R\" and it's motives to locate the final Cursed Vault before them.Being a member of Hufflepuff house, Diego was a very friendly, helpful and reasonable individual. He successfully and gladly taught both Merula Snyde and Jacob's sibling how to duel, showing he was happy to go out of his way and help others to show them his skills and knowledge. This also showed him to have been fair and impartial, considering how both individuals he taught were bitter rivals, meaning he was not one to dabble in such petty quarrelling but that he was simply interested in befriending people.Duelling: Diego was an excellent duellist and thus was considered to the best duellist at Hogwarts during his time there. He was able to teach his duelling talents and skills to Jacob's sibling, in order to prepare for duelling lessons, showing him to have had considerable proficiency in martial magic.Charms: Diego was talented with charm-work, being able to successfully cast numerous charms such as the Exploding Charm, Disarming Charm, Shield Charm and the healing charm Episkey.Defence Against the Dark Arts: Diego was skilled in Defence Against the Dark Arts, as he was to achieve an O.W.L. on the subject and study it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus showing aptitude in the subject.History of Magic: Diego was skilled in History of Magic, as he was able to achieve an O.W.L. on the subject and study it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus showing aptitude in the subject.Astronomy: Diego was skilled in Astronomy, as he was able to achieve an O.W.L. on the subject and study it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus showing aptitude in the subject.Healing magic: Diego had some skill in the field of healing, as he was able to successfully cast the Episkey healing spell.Dark Arts: Diego was shown to be possess a degree of skill in the Dark Arts, being able to successfully cast dark charms such as the Knockback Jinx, Full Body-Bind Curse and Ear-Shrivelling Curse.Muggle Studies: Diego earned an O.W.L. in Muggle Studies and continued the subject at N.E.W.T. level. He had particular knowledge of Muggle dances.Dancing: Diego was proficient in dancing. Encouraged to dance by his father, he created the Badger Shuffle with him and had become more self-confident through dancing. He entered and won the Team Dance Contest.Based on his name, it is possible that his family originated from Spain or another spanish-speaking country. He also prepared a flan for the Great Hogwarts Cook-Off.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First appearance)"