"Talbott Winger was a wizard who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1984 and was Sorted into Ravenclaw house. He was also an Animagus and took the form of an Eagle. At some point in the 1970s or early 1980s, his parents were murdered by Death Eaters.Talbott was born at some point in 1972 or 1973. He did not have any siblings. His mother taught him how to become an Animagus, taking the form of an eagle. During the First Wizarding War, his parents helped in the war efforts against Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters.In response, the Dark Lord's Death Eaters attacked their home, a conflict during which both of his parents were murdered while Talbott himself successfully escaped with his life thanks to his Animagus ability.Talbott started attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry on 1 September 1984 and was Sorted into Ravenclaw and excelled in Transfiguration. He also helped Care of Magical Creatures Professor Silvanus Kettleburn tame a Hippogriff once, a feat also achieved by Jacob's sibling in their fourth year.In or prior to the 19861987 school year, he admitted the truth to Minerva McGonagall. While she understood his initial reasons for keeping it secret perfectly (namely the fear that if he registered, the Death Eaters might learn of it and come after him), she nevertheless sternly instructed him to abide by the law that all Animagi had to register with the British Ministry of Magic, to which he half-heartedly agreed.During his third year, Talbott took Divination as an elective.He helped Jacob's sibling become an Animagus at the beginning of this year. During Jacob's sibling's and Talbott's talk with McGonagall, she proclaimed that if he did not agree, she \"will take it as a personal offence and drag him to the Ministry myself\". He later told Jacob's sibling about his parents' murder after they beat him at Gobstones. After wishing them luck on becoming an Animagus, he changed into his Animagus form and flew away.Around the anniversary of his parents' murder, he lost his necklace, whose feather had been extracted from his mother's Animagus form, a White Swan. This made him extremely upset and he became more isolated than ever. Upon learning about this from Penny Haywood, Jacob's sibling helped him find the necklace. They made use of their advantage of transforming into animals and eventually decided it was in Filch's office or being played with by Mrs Norris. They saw Mrs Norris with the necklace, and Jacob's sibling transformed into their Animagus form to distract her while Talbott retrieved the necklace. Talbott befriended Jacob's sibling after this experience.At some point, someone told him Garrick Ollivander owned a peacock. He later told Jacob's sibling about this in the Hogwarts Library.Around Valentine's Day, Talbott was one of the six students chosen by Gilderoy Lockhart as a part of the Voyages, Vampires, and Valentines! event, seemingly at random. Talbott was given the task to find doves. As he was searching for them in the Clock Tower Courtyard, Jacob's sibling came to see how he was doing. The two searched for doves together but were unable to find any. After giving up on the search, Talbott told them that he was suspicious of Lockhart's true intentions, and that he suspected Lockhart knew he was an Animagus. Talbott also confessed to Jacob's sibling that he wanted them to be his Valentine. He later attended the event with the other students, wearing a pink outfit with a tie, designed by Andre Egwu. During the event, Lockhart cast a Memory Charm in hesitation, causing him and the other students to lose some of their recent memories. Later during the same school year, when Jacob's sibling went into the Great Hall to discuss Potions with their friend Penny Haywood, the best in their year at that subject, he was seated at his house table, where he cryptically warned them that he thought \"there [was] a storm coming...\", suggesting he might have known something more about the events going on at the school than the average student.In his fifth year, Talbott came to talk to the Grey Lady alongside Jacob's sibling and their other Ravenclaw friends Tulip Karasu and Andre Egwu.During the Equinox Enchanted school play, he was sad as he didn't get to perform the scene of love with Jacob's sibling. However, he sat in the front row during Jacob's sibling's performance and cheered them on. Near the end of the school year, Talbott was in the Great Hall when it was almost time for him and the other fifth years to take their O.W.L.s, at which time he admitted to being anxious about getting a good score on his exams, as he harboured aspirations of becoming an Auror.Talbott Winger continued taking Divination classes in his sixth year.Following the murder of Rowan Khanna at the hands of Patricia Rakepick in the Forbidden Forest, Talbott became a member of the student organisation the Circle of Khanna, in memory of the deceased student. He also helped Jacob's sibling various times (which, granted, still took some convincing) in his Animagus form. Talbott's appearance In his human form, Talbott had dark brown and blond straight hair, dark skin and striking hazel eyes, with pouty lips, thick eyebrows and an angular face. In his Animagus form, he took the form of a brown Eagle, sometimes with a cream chest.Talbott was a remarkably skilled and intelligent young wizard, who possessed many traits of Ravenclaws, in particular intelligence and individuality. He was known to be an extreme introvert and a loner, and before befriending Jacob's sibling, his only friends were Penny, Tonks, and despite being the Head of Gryffindor House: Professor McGonagall, due to her being a fellow Animagus (cat) and her previous work in the Ministry of Magic. Talbott Winger was academically minded, and was very passionate about his schoolwork, as he wished to become an Auror, showing him to have been very ambitious in his life goals. He was also rather perceptive and intuitive, as shown when he warned Jacob's sibling about bad things that were going on, implying he knew much more about the dark happenings that were going on during his school time than the average student did. Due to his reserved personality, Talbott often talked to himself, and also possessed a rather unique gift for forging handwriting. He was also shown to be sarcastic and witty, as seen in his interactions with Jacob's sibling. Talbott Winger in his Animagus form Transfiguration: Talbott was remarkably skilful in Human Transfiguration that he was able to become an Animagus. He was also a high academic achiever in Transfiguration class, showing his proficiency in this highly complex, scientific and even dangerous branch of magic.Herbology: He was also known to be talented in this subject at school, given he worked in the family garden helping his mother, handling both magical and mundane plants, who was a Healer.Care of Magical Creatures: Talbott was shown to be interested and skilled in Magizoology, as he, like Jacob's sibling, had both successfully tamed a Hippogriff, which Hagrid told Jacob's sibling about during their process in becoming an Animagus. This was an impressive feat indeed, given how Hippogriffs are rather difficult beasts to handle and tame.Charms: Talbott appeared to be gifted with charm-work, as he was capable of casting the rather advanced Human-presence-revealing Spell.Divination: Talbott was skilled in the field of divination, having earned an O.W.L. in the subject at Hogwarts, and also studied it N.E.W.T. level.Poetry: Talbott was known to very much enjoy writing and reading poetry in his spare time, often due to his very solemn, mournful and solitary personality. He was evidently a talented poet, as he commented that several of his poems were published in the Daily Prophet, a newspaper which his father was once a writer for. However, he did remark that his poems were not so good at the age of six.If Talbott succeeded in obtaining the results necessary to qualify for the Auror training programme and subsequently passed it, he, alongside Nymphadora Tonks, would have become two of the last Aurors taken on in two years by the time of the 19951996 school year.As of Year 3 Chapter 9, Talbott and Jacob's sibling are both unregistered Animagi when they finally became friends (if Jacob's sibling decides not to register, even when they could decide to do so).He often makes bird puns in reference to his Animagus form and solitary personality.He is also not very adept at Duelling or Flying, seeing as he wasn't chosen for the Dragon Club.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First appearance)"