"Terry Boot (b. 1979 or 1980) was a wizard and Ravenclaw student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in Harry Potter's year. He became friends with housemates Michael Corner and Anthony Goldstein. In his fifth year, Terry joined Dumbledore's Army, an organisation taught and led by Harry Potter.On 2 May, 1998 he fought in the Battle of Hogwarts. It can be assumed that Terry survived the final battle, as he was not mentioned among the Fallen Fifty.Terry was born in c. 1979-1980 , to at least one magical parent. Terry could likely be a descendant of Webster Boot, the adopted son of Ilvermorny founders James Steward (a No-Maj, or Muggle) and Isolt Sayre (a Pure-blood and descendant of Salazar Slytherin). The 1991 Sorting Ceremony in which Terry was Sorted into Ravenclaw In 1991, Terry started his education at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Upon his arrival during the Sorting Ceremony, the Sorting Hat placed Terry in Ravenclaw House. Terry was sorted into Ravenclaw with students Padma Patil, Michael Corner, and Anthony Goldstein, with whom he became friends. Terry, behind Ron Weasley, walking to the Ravenclaw Common Room In his second year at Hogwarts, the school was under threat of closure after the Chamber of Secrets had been opened. As a precaution to protect students from any possible danger, a Duelling Club started up, instructed by Professor Gilderoy Lockhart. During one practice, chaos broke out and Lockhart had to tend to several students. Terry had received an injury and Lockhart told him to pinch his wound hard to stop the bleeding. In his fourth year, Terry visited Professor Dumbledore's office for unknown reasons and took interest in the Sword of Gryffindor, with one of the portraits informing him that Harry Potter had used it to kill a Basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets.In Terry's fifth year of education, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was put under the eyes of the Ministry of Magic. Dolores Jane Umbridge was stationed at Hogwarts as a spy due to events that took place the previous year, in addition to being Professor of Defence Against the Dark Arts. Umbridge caused an uproar amongst the students since she refused to teach defensive spells, despite it being said that Lord Voldemort was at large once again.Hermione Granger felt she ought to do something about the lack of a proper defence education. Hermione then founded an organisation called Dumbledore's Army, where students learned how to defend themselves and fight in combat. This organisation was taught and led by Harry Potter, who has had numerous experience fighting off Dark Wizards. Terry attended the first meeting of the D.A., which took place in the Hog's Head. When people began to mention Harry's spectacular feats, Terry mentioned that Harry had slayed a Basilisk with the Sword of Gryffindor in Dumbledore's office. This accomplishment amazed most of the students present, with only a few exceptions. Terry Boot talking with Harry and Hermione about Umbridge During one D.A. meeting, Terry seemed very impressed that Hermione was able to perform a Protean Charm on the enchanted Dumbledore's Army coins, a N.E.W.T.-level spell. He also commented that she should haven been a Ravenclaw. These coins were used as methods of communication between members of the D.A.At the end of the school year, after Harry and some other members of the D.A. fought in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, it was finally revealed that Lucius Malfoy was a Death Eater. His son Draco Malfoy was displeased that this had become public and that his father had been put in Azkaban. Terry was one of the D.A. members to come to the assistance of Harry when Draco, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle, attempted to attack him on the Hogwarts Express journey home. Terry and his friends performed a variety of jinxes and hexes that left the three looking like large slugs in their school robes. Terry in N.E.W.T.-level potions During his sixth year, the Second Wizarding War had officially been declared, and the school was put under the protection of Aurors. Terry was one of only twelve students able to advance to N.E.W.T.-level Potions class and was one of four Ravenclaws to do so. This year students would learn how to Apparate for the first time. At the end of his sixth year, Severus Snape killed headmaster Albus Dumbledore, and Minerva McGonagall was made acting headmistress until Terry's seventh year, when Severus Snape was put in charge. Terry attended Dumbledore's funeral with his classmates. D.A. members welcome Harry back in 1998 During his seventh year, Terry joined the revived Dumbledore's Army to oppose the Carrow professors' cruel reign over Hogwarts while Lord Voldemort controlled the Ministry of Magic. When rumours surfaced that Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, and Ron Weasley broke into Gringotts Wizarding Bank and escaped on a dragon. Terry shouted an announcement about it during dinner in the Great Hall, and was consequently physically punished by the Carrows. He later provided Harry with some information about Rowena Ravenclaw's Diadem, and fought in the Battle of Hogwarts.Since Terry was not listed among the casualties, it can be presumed he survived the Second Wizarding War. If he did indeed survive, his later life is unknown.Potions: Terry was very skilled at potion-making since he was one of four Ravenclaws in 1996 to advance to N.E.W.T.-level. He must have earned either an 'Outstanding' or an 'Exceeds Expectations' on his O.W.L. exam in order for him to progress to such an advanced class.Defence Against the Dark Arts: Terry was a devoted member of the D.A., so he must have mastered numerous offensive and defensive spells under the masterful instruction of Harry Potter.Duelling: Terry participated in the Battle of Hogwarts in 1998, showing he had some skill in duelling. He was also capable of casting an unknown dark charm which made Draco Malfoy, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle resemble slugs in 1996.\"Terry\" is a form of Terence, which means \"tender, or gracious\".\"Boot\" is a surname referring to a place called Boot, near Ravenglass in Cumbria.In Harry Potter and Me, Terry was named Trevor Boot. Later, Neville Longbottom's toad was named so. He is also marked as a Muggle-born, though this is likely not canon, considering that Terry attended his seventh year at Hogwarts, when Muggle-borns were being rounded up by the Muggle-Born Registration Commission.Terry was played by Kevin Lee Yi in the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and voiced by Andrew Edmeads in the video game adaptation of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.Terry is omitted from the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, however, one of Terry's lines is instead spoken by Neville Longbottom.Terry was omitted from Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, instead, Cho Chang says about Rowena Ravenclaw's Diadem being lost for lots of centuries.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film)Harry Potter and the Chamber of SecretsHarry Potter and the Order of the PhoenixHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film) (Name appears on parchment)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (video game)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood PrinceHarry Potter and the Deathly HallowsHarry Potter: Quidditch World CupHarry Potter and Me (Mentioned only)PottermoreWizarding World"