"Victoire Weasley (b. 2 May, early 2000s) was a part-veela witch and the eldest child of Bill and Fleur Weasley (n\\xe9e Delacour). She has two younger siblings, Dominique and Louis Weasley. Victoire started her education at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the early-to-mid 2010s. She was also the girlfriend of Edward Lupin.Victoire was born on 2 May in the early 2000s. She was given her name, which means \"victory\" in French, because her date of birth fell on the anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts, in which Harry Potter, the Order of the Phoenix, and allies prevailed against Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters.Victoire has two younger siblings: a sister, Dominique, and a brother, Louis. Through her maternal great-grandmother, Victoire is one-eighth Veela. It is possible she lived at Shell Cottage with her family.Victoire began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the early-to-mid 2010s.When Victoire accompanied the rest of her family to the Quidditch World Cup in 2014, presumably she and Teddy Lupin were already in a relationship, as Rita Skeeter wrote of them snogging often. So much, in fact, they had their own section in Rita's article. The two of them sat together during the final match between Bulgaria and Brazil, but seemed more interested in talking than watching the match. Victoire's father finally swapped places with her and directed her attention to the pitch, although she sulked about it. Later, she and Teddy managed to \"find their way back into adjacent seats\".On September 1st, 2017, Victoire's by-then-graduated boyfriend came to see her off for another year at King's Cross Station. Victoire's cousin, James Potter, saw the couple snogging and interrupted them. When Teddy told him to leave, James returned to tell his family what he had seen, and his younger sister, Lily, expressed her wish that Teddy and Victoire would marry someday, making Teddy an official part of the extended Weasley-Potter clan.Victoire was described as \"very good-looking,\" which presumably indicates that she took after either her mother, Fleur, or her father, Bill, or both, in appearance. It could also link to her Veela ancestry, which might consequently make her beauty more profound. Rita Skeeter described her as blonde and beautiful.Victoire means \"victory\" in French, the native language of her mother Fleur Delacour, probably chosen because she was born on the anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts.Both Victoire and Teddy Lupin have fathers who were attacked by the werewolf Fenrir Greyback.Both Victoire and Teddy Lupin have mothers with unique traits related to their physical appearances  Fleur Delacour has Veela blood, and Nymphadora Tonks was a Metamorphmagus.Victoire and Teddy are fourth cousins once removed as they are both distant descendants of Phineas Nigellus Black.In J.K. Rowling: A Year in the Life, when sketching the Weasley Family Tree, Rowling stated that Victoire was so named because she was born on the anniversary of the day the Second Wizarding War ended.As far as can be determined, Victoire was the first grandchild of Arthur and Molly Weasley. The likelihood of this is increased by the fact that Bill Weasley was the first of their children to get married.Victoire is the last character introduced during the Harry Potter series.Victoire is likely an homage to Elanor Gamgee from The Lord of the Rings, who was born on the anniversary of the downfall of Sauron. Both were noted to be very beautiful.Victoire is similar to her aunt, Ginny Weasley, in that both are women (last and first of their generations), both fell in love and have a relationship with war-orphaned men (Teddy Lupin and Harry Potter, respectively) and both were considered to be extremely beautiful from a young age.Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (First appearance)J.K. Rowling: A Year in the Life (Mentioned only)Pottermore (Mentioned only)"