"Anthony Goldstein (b. c. 1980) was a half-blood wizard who began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1991. He was Sorted into Ravenclaw house. In his fifth year he was selected as one of his House's prefects and joined Dumbledore's Army, an organisation taught and lead by Harry Potter. Anthony later fought beside fellow D.A. members in the Battle of Hogwarts the last battle of the Second Wizarding War.Anthony was born into the Goldstein family. He had at least one magical parent and was distantly related to Porpentina and Queenie Goldstein. He was also Jewish. The 1991 Sorting Ceremony in which Anthony was Sorted into Ravenclaw In 1991, Anthony received his acceptance letter and began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, being Sorted into Ravenclaw. He befriended dorm-mates Terry Boot and Michael Corner, and was also on speaking terms with Ernest Macmillan. The first D.A. meeting that Anthony attended in the Hog's Head In his fifth year, Anthony was made one of Ravenclaw's new prefects, alongside Padma Patil. He, Michael, and Terry attended the meeting in the Hog's Head to discuss learning defensive and offensive magic from Harry Potter. Anthony vocally agreed with Hermione Granger that Dolores Umbridge's Defence Against the Dark Arts classes were useless, as they were only being taught the theory, which is not enough. He signed the Dumbledore's Army parchment and joined the group. Anthony speaking to Harry Potter about the location of the D.A Hermione, Harry Potter, and Ron Weasley met Anthony outside of the hospital wing and told him of the location of the D.A. meetings  in the Room of Requirement  and how to access it. He was paired with Zacharias Smith in one such meeting to practise the Disarming Charm. However, whenever Zacharias opened his mouth to cast the spell and disarm Anthony, Fred and George Weasley would slyly disarm him.Anthony took his practical Charms O.W.L.s at the same time as Gregory Goyle, Hermione and Daphne Greengrass. He did well enough in his exams to stay on for N.E.W.T.s.On the Hogwarts Express after the school year's conclusion, Anthony sat in a compartment with Terry, Michael, Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, and Ernie Macmillan. Gregory Goyle, Vincent Crabbe, and Draco Malfoy attempted to attack Harry on the train outside of their compartment, but the seven of them used a variety of jinxes and hexes that Harry had taught them, after which the Slytherins resembled three gigantic slugs. Anthony and the other defenders of Hogwarts witness Harry Potter's final defeat of Voldemort Anthony was part of the revived DA during the 1997-1998 school year, hiding in the Room of Requirement. He bravely fought in the Battle of Hogwarts. It can be assumed that he survived the final battle, since he was not mentioned among the Fallen Fifty. After the battle he most likely kept his D.A. coin, as a badge of honour, as did other D.A. members.Anthony was a very friendly and good-natured individual, who was willing to disobey and risk being punished by Dolores Umbridge in opposition to her tyranny over Hogwarts, as a devoted member of Dumbledore's Army. He was also very courageous and determined, as he bravely fought against the Death Eaters in the Battle of Hogwarts along with most of his friends and fellow students to defend his school.Defence Against the Dark Arts: As a committed and loyal member of Dumbledore's Army, Anthony would have learnt how to cast multiple highly practical defensive and offensive spells, under the masterful teaching of Harry Potter.Duelling: Anthony was shown to be a skilled duellist with a high level talent in martial magic. Anthony and his friends at the end of the 1995-1996 school year were able to successfully duel and defeat Draco Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle after they tried to attack Harry Potter on the Hogwarts Express. They were able to successfully cast various unpleasant offensive spells on them, that they at the end of the duel resembled slugs. Furthermore, Anthony bravely fought in the Battle of Hogwarts in 1998, along his D.A. comrades against the Death Eaters and presumably survived.Charms: He was capable of producing a non-corporeal Patronus, a mark of superior magical ability and talent, given the immense difficulty of casting such an advanced and powerful protective charm. He presumably learnt how to cast this charm with the help of Dumbledore's Army's Patronus lesson.Anthony was an Egyptian ascetic monk considered to be the founder of Christian monasticism. Goldstein is a relatively common Jewish surname, which is a part of his Jewish heritage.Anthony was voiced by Tom Wheatley in the video game adaptation of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (video game), Anthony was portrayed as light skinned with blond hair and blue eyes. He was slightly shorter than Harry Potter.From the student list seen in Harry Potter and Me, it can be gleaned that Anthony was originally intended to be a Hufflepuff.Anthony was the first character to be identified as Jewish, the information being revealed by J. K. Rowling on Twitter as an example of a Jewish person attending Hogwarts. Anthony in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film) (Name appears on parchment) (Possible appearance)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (video game)Harry Potter and the Deathly HallowsLEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 (DS and PSP versions only)LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 (Consoles and Windows versions)PottermoreWizarding World"