"Donaghan Tremlett (b. 1972) was a Muggle-born wizard, who played bass for the popular wizarding band The Weird Sisters.Donaghan Tremlett was born in 1972 to Muggle parents. He started playing the bass guitar at some point in his childhood, and was noted to be talented at it during his Hogwarts years.Donaghan began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1983 or 1984. During his Hogwarts years, he saw the The Weird Sisters perform their song Do the Hippogriff and auditioned to become the new bass player of the band. Donaghan became a member of the band, replacing Jacob's sibling, as he could actually play the bass without the use of magic.Donaghan's favourite Quidditch team was the Kenmare Kestrels. Donaghan Tremlett playing at the Yule Ball On Christmas Day in 1994, the band attended the Yule Ball at Hogwarts, where they played classic hits like \"Magic Works\" and \"This Is the Night\", as well as a new song titled \"Do the Hippogriff\".Donaghan married an individual in September 1995. The wedding was mentioned in the Daily Prophet on 7 September. The Funeral of Albus Dumbledore that Donaghan attended In June 1997, Donaghan attended the funeral of Albus Dumbledore, and was one of several familiar people Harry Potter noticed among the crowd.After the Ministry of Magic was taken over by Lord Voldemort in September 1997, Donaghan, as a Muggle-born, presumably faced charges before the Muggle-Born Registration Commission. He may have been sent to Azkaban, or else gone into hiding, like many others of his heritage.Donaghan was described as \"hairy\" and, like all members of the Weird Sisters, wore \"artfully torn\" black robes when onstage.Donaghan Tremlett was portrayed by Steve Mackey in the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.Depending on his month of birth, he may have been in the same year as Charles Weasley, Nymphadora Tonks and Jacob's sibling, among others.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (video game) (Appears on a Famous Wizard Card)Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game) (Appears on a Famous Wizard Card)Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Mentioned only)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood PrinceJ. K. Rowling's official sitePottermore (Appears on a Famous Wizard Card)LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 (Named as \"Bassist\")Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (Mentioned only)"