"Minister Grogan Stump (1770-1884) was a British wizard, who was the Minister for Magic from 1811 to 1819 and was very popular in the job. His legacy includes the creation of the Being, Beast and Spirit Divisions of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, and the establishment of the Department of Magical Games and Sports. He was elected Minister by the wizarding population in Great Britain and Ireland at least twice. A younger Stump Stump was born in 1770, somewhere in Great Britain to at least one magical parent. He attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from c. 1781 to 1788, where he was Sorted into Hufflepuff.In 1811, at age 41, Stump began his duties as a Minister for Magic. Stump particularly addressed the nomenclature of beings and beasts. He decreed that a being was \"any creature that has sufficient intelligence to understand the laws of the magical community and to bear part of the responsibility in shaping those laws\", and by doing so, he settled a debate that had been going on in the wizarding world since the fourteenth century. Stump created the three divisions of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures: Being, Beast, as well as later Spirit Divisions.It is likely that during Stump's tenure in office there were ghost demonstrations at the Ministry of Magic (or \"protest floats\"), which caused Stump to create the aforementioned Spirit Division.A passionate Quidditch fan, supporting the Tutshill Tornados, Minister Stump also was responsible for establishing the Department of Magical Games and Sports.Stump's term eventually ended in 1819, and he was succeeded by Josephina Flint.Grogan Stump's likeness, as featured on his Wizard of the Month entry, bears some (presumably coincidental) resemblance to former President of Portugal, An\\xedbal Cavaco Silva. Interestingly, J. K. Rowling did live there in the early 1990s, at a time when Cavaco Silva was the Prime Minister. Rowling has previously stated that Salazar Slytherin's first name was derived from Ant\\xf3nio de Oliveira Salazar, who served as Prime Minister of Portugal from 1932 to 1968, ruling a fascist dictatorship.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (video game) (Appears on a Famous Wizard Card)Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game) (Appears on a Famous Wizard Card)Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (video game) (Appears on a Famous Wizard Card)Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (Mentioned only)J. K. Rowling's official site (First appearance)Pottermore (Mentioned only)Wizarding World (Mentioned only)Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (Mentioned only)"