"James Sirius Potter (b. c. 2004) was an English half-blood wizard, the eldest child and first son of Harry and Ginevra Potter (n\\xe9e Weasley). James was two years older than his brother Albus Severus and four years older than his sister Lily Luna. His godparents, as well as his uncle and aunt were Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. James was named in honour of his paternal grandfather and his father's godfather (James Potter and Sirius Black). In 2015 he began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and was to no one's surprise sorted into Gryffindor House.James Sirius Potter was born sometime between 1 September 2003 and 31 August 2004 to Harry and Ginny Potter. He was named in honour of his paternal grandfather and his father's godfather. James attends the 2014 Quidditch World Cup with his family In 2014, James, along with his family, attended the finale of the Quidditch World Cup in the Patagonian Desert. A few days before the match, his father introduced him and his younger brother Albus to the Bulgarian National Quidditch team Seeker, and an old associate of his father, Viktor Krum. James along with the rest of his family, with the exception of his mother (who was in the journalists' enclosure) and Albus (who was wearing Brazilian green), sported Bulgarian red. James laughed when Albus almost toppled out of the VIP box cheering when Gon\\xe7alo Flores scored the first goal of the game, but his uncle Ron grabbed the back of his robes and saved him. Due to James laughing, Daily Prophet correspondent Rita Skeeter (who was covering the match live with Ginny) suggested that he may have pushed Albus. James was seen applauding after Bulgaria won the tournament.=== Hogwarts years (2015?) Personality and traits Possessions == The Marauder's Map Marauder's Map: The Marauder's Map was made by his grandfather and namesake James, along with his friends during their time at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It once belonged to his father Harry and was one of his most treasured possessions. At some point, he stole the map out of his father's desk.Wand: It can be assumed that before boarding the Hogwarts Express, James and his family travelled to Ollivander's wand shop in Diagon Alley and there he bought his wand. His wand was of an unknown length, wood, and core type.Owl: When boarding the Hogwarts Express it was shown that he had an owl in a cage resting on top of his school bag and trunk.Cloak of Invisibility: Before starting his sixth year at Hogwarts, James was given his family's invisibility cloak from his father. His younger brother stole it from him at some point during the year from James' trunk after correctly guessing the combination, which was the year he got his first broom.Comb: James was gifted a comb by Ron Weasley the night before he was to return to Hogwarts. This comb was presumably a joke item, as it made his hair turn a shade of pink. James with his parents and siblings James had a very strong connection with both of his parents, even though he did not want to show it in front of other people. Still, he permitted his parents' hugs and kisses, before rushing off to the Hogwarts Express in 2017. He also wrote to them three times a week the previous year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. His parents often chastised him for teasing his brother and James usually stopped at their glares, suggesting that he knew not to push his boundaries with them.James was the oldest of three children, and he enjoyed teasing his younger siblings Albus and Lily. However, he was on good terms with both of them. James was willing to move into Albus's room if Teddy moved in; Harry, however, thought such an act would be a disaster, saying that James and Albus \"will share a room only when I want the house demolished.\" This might imply that James and Albus frequently argued with one another  more than what was seen at King's Cross in 2017, anyway.James had many cousins, like Rose who was close in age with his brother and in the same year at Hogwarts, and Hugo, who is the same age as his sister, Lily.When James saw Teddy kissing Victoire Weasley, he ran to tell his family, but he was disappointed with their reaction. However, he shared his younger sister's and Albus's desire for Teddy to become an official member of the extended Potter-Weasley family.James is a Hebrew name from the name Jacob (), meaning \"Heel\" as in Genesis narrative, Jacob was born grasping Esau's heel and later bought his birthright. This was the name of James's grandfather and the middle name of his father.Sirius is the meaning of \"Star\" as it is the brightest star seen from Earth, it is also the Dog Star from Ancient Greek Mythology as he was Orion's dog. This is the name of James's father's godfather.Potter is a very common surname of English origin. It traditionally refers to the occupation of making pottery. Beatrix Potter was a well-known English children's author.Potter's Field is the name for a burial ground for the unknown or unclaimed dead, particularly soldiers and orphans; the Potter family had many members that fit that description.The Potter Box is a model for making ethical decisions developed at Harvard University. Tom Milligan, who portrays James in Harry Potter and the Cursed Child James is portrayed in the film Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 by Will Dunn.James is portrayed in the original West End production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child by Tom Milligan.James Potter II is the main character of the James Potter series, a non-canonical continuation of the Harry Potter series endorsed by (though not actually connected or affiliated with) J. K. Rowling.James was given the names of two Marauders and it is said that he stole the Marauder's Map from his father's desk drawer. It is unknown if he shared the map with his friends or siblings.It is also interesting to note that James picked on his younger brother Albus, who was named partially after Severus Snape, just like how his paternal grandfather James Potter I picked on Severus Snape. It is also implied that they occasionally quarrel since their father wouldn't let James share his room with Albus and added that he would do so if he wanted their house demolished.On 1 September 2015, J.K. Rowling tweeted that James was starting at Hogwarts, officially marking the year that James started Hogwarts, also revealing his age and year.Sirius Black, his half-namesake and father's godfather, is also his third cousin once removed through his mother Ginny. They are also related through Lucretia Black, James's great-great aunt by marriage and second cousin twice removed and Sirius's aunt by blood. He is also related in some way to Dorea Black, from his father's side.Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 (video game) (Mentioned only)Harry Potter and the Cursed ChildHarry Potter and the Cursed Child (play)J.K. Rowling: A Year in the Life (Mentioned only)LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7Pottermore (Mentioned only)Wizarding World (Mentioned only)Harry Potter: The Character VaultHarry Potter: Wizards Unite (Appears in photographs)"