"Marcus Flint (b. 1975/1976) was a wizard who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1987 to 1994 and was sorted into Slytherin house. He was a Chaser on the Slytherin Quidditch team, as well as its Captain from at least 1991 to 1994. Marcus was born in September 1975 to August 1976 in Great Britain. He was a descendant of the pure-blood Flint family and perhaps related in some way to former Minister for Magic, Josephina Flint and Ursula Black (n\\xe9e Flint). It is unknown if Marcus himself was a pure-blood. Marcus and other Slytherins playing a game of Quidditch Flint began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1987 and was Sorted into Slytherin House. He lived in a dormitory in the Slytherin Dungeon, and his Head of House was the Potions Master, Professor Severus Snape.At some point, he joined the Slytherin Quidditch team as a Chaser and became its captain by his fifth year. Flint was known for being very rough and often brutal in his Quidditch-playing; for example, his handshakes with Gryffindor Captain and rival Oliver Wood often turned into attempts to break one another's fingers. He was also not above committing fouls, blocking Harry Potter in a 1991 Quidditch match. Marcus and the Slytherin Quidditch team antagonising Gryffindor In 1992, Flint was pleased when his team received new broomsticks, courtesy of Lucius Malfoy, when his son Draco became the team's new Seeker. They bragged to the Gryffindor Quidditch team about this and mocked their rivals' older brooms. This prompted Hermione Granger to insult Draco, remarking that \"at least no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy their way in\". Draco retaliated by calling Hermione a \"filthy little Mudblood\" to the outrage of the Gryffindors. Flint had to stand in front of Draco to prevent Fred and George Weasley from attacking and injuring his Seeker. Ron Weasley then attempted to curse Draco, but it backfired, and the entire Slytherin team laughed uproariously as Ron vomited slugs. Flint was angered by Draco's stupidity during a match against Gryffindor. He reprimanded him after the game because Draco failed to notice the Golden Snitch next to him, causing Slytherin to lose the match. This was witnessed by George Weasley. Marcus at Hogwarts During Flint's final year, he participated in a scheme to scare Harry Potter with Draco, Vincent Crabbe, and Gregory Goyle. The four Slytherins dressed up as Dementors, which were guarding Hogwarts that year due to Sirius Black's escape from Azkaban. Following their cruel prank, Professor Minerva McGonagall took fifty House points from Slytherin and sentenced all four of them to detention as punishment. During the Quidditch final between Gryffindor and Slytherin that year, Flint played unscrupulously yet again against the rival team, smashing into Angelina Johnson with his broom, which resulted in Fred Weasley throwing his Beater's bat at his head, smashing his nose against his broom handle and causing it to bleed. Flint later managed during the game to score a goal against Gryffindor, but Harry caught the Golden Snitch, allowing Gryffindor to win the game and to gain the Quidditch Cup at last.It is unknown what happened to Flint after he graduated Hogwarts and what his status was during the Second Wizarding War.During the 2010s, Flint's younger self appeared as a Foundable during the Calamity, clad in his Slytherin Quidditch uniform and entrapped by a magical fire Confoundable. Volunteer members of the Statute of Secrecy Task Force were able to free him by casting the Water-Making Spell, allowing Flint to return to his original time. Flint's unappealing physical appearance Marcus was described as being tall and relatively muscular. Harry Potter also mentioned that he looked like he might have troll blood in him. However, this may simply have been an insult toward Flint's appearance.Flint did not follow good sportsmanship when playing Quidditch, despite his position as Captain of his team. He allowed Draco Malfoy to join the team when bribed with the new Nimbus 2001 broomsticks. Flint also resorted frequently to foul play, such as blocking Harry Potter in 1991 and trying to scare him by disguising as a Dementor in 1993. He seemed to find the misfortunes of others amusing as he laughed when Ron's Slug-vomiting Charm backfired on himself. When Draco failed to notice the Snitch floating above his head, leading the team to lose, Flint yelled at the new Seeker rather harshly for his foolishness. It was unknown how he viewed the importance of blood status, though he seemed to approve of when Draco called Hermione a mudblood and even defended him from harm afterwards, implying he may have held some prejudice towards Muggle-borns or that he was a pure-blood supremacist, similar to many other Slytherin students.Flying: Marcus played as a Chaser on the Slytherin Quidditch team. He was the Captain from at least his fifth year to his seventh year, demonstrating he was an accomplished and skilled broomstick flyer and Quidditch player, despite his frequent cheating and foul play on the Quidditch pitch.The name Marcus is derived from Mars, the god of war in Roman mythology. This may allude to Flint's aggression. It is interestingly the opposite of Oliver Wood's name, which means \"olive tree\", ultimately symbolising Wood's peaceful nature.A flint is a stone used for lighting a fire. Once again, this alludes to his relationship with Oliver Wood; flint is kindling fire, and wood burns when in contact with fire. Marcus as a LEGO minifigure (first edition)  Marcus Flint as a LEGO mini-figure (second edition) Flint was originally stated to be a sixth-year in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, yet he was still at the school in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (two years after his debut). J. K. Rowling explained this by saying that he had to repeat his last year because he failed his exams the first time round. This explanation did not deter some fans from noticing other consistency errors with Flint's schooling years. However, in later editions of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Flint is stated to be a fifth year, presumably to clear confusion and the need for a repeated year.Flint was portrayed by Jamie Yeates in the first film while the role was incorrectly credited to Will Theakston, who played Terence Higgs. Yeates reprised the role and was credited correctly in the second film. He wore false teeth in both films.Flint once borrowed Quidditch Through the Ages from the Hogwarts Library and was due to return the book on 22 June.If Stan Shunpike attended Hogwarts, he would have been in the same year as Marcus Flint.In LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4, Marcus Flint is the Slytherin team's Seeker.He was referred to as \"Captain Flint\" because he was captain of the Slytherin Quidditch Team. This may be an allusion to the similarly-named captain of the pirate ship Walrus from Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island. Marcus Flint in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film)Harry Potter and the Chamber of SecretsHarry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film)Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game)Harry Potter and the Prisoner of AzkabanHarry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (video game) (Mentioned only)Quidditch Through the Ages (real)Harry Potter: Quidditch World CupLEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4LEGO Harry Potter: Building the Magical WorldLEGO Harry Potter: Characters of the Magical WorldLEGO Harry PotterHarry Potter Trading Card GameHarry Potter: The Character VaultHarry Potter: Wizards Unite"