"Murphy McNully was a wizard who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1980s and was a Quidditch Commentator. He was the inventor of the Quidditch strategy Thimblerig Shuffle. Murphy commentating during a game of Quidditch When Murphy was seven years old, his mother taught him the Blackboard Writing Spell. Murphy had been subscribed to Which Broomstick? ever since he could read.Murphy McNully was a student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1980s. He was physically disabled and immobile, and thus required the use of Wheelchair for locomotion. He was a Quidditch fanatic who would go so far as to commentate on Hogwarts' Quidditch friendlies, practise matches that required no commentator.Murphy loved Quidditch, and had always wanted to be an announcer. He also immensely enjoyed talking. Due to his using a wheelchair, when meeting new people, he tried to display every aspect of his personality so they would not remember him as just \"the wizard in the wheelchair\". Murphy had a very charming personality, and was a skilled strategist.His favourite food was sandwiches.Charms: Murphy was taught the Blackboard writing spell by his mother, and was proficient with the casting of this enchantment himself.Quidditch Knowledge: Murphy was knowledgeable about Quidditch and Quidditch strategies. He was an entertaining Quidditch commentator, and was also an avid user of statistics, at the time when the sports only had the basics.Wizard's Chess: Murphy was quite skilled at wizard's chess, frequently beating Jacob's sibling at it.Wand: Murphy owned a wand, which was of an unknown length, wood and core, which he presumably purchased before his first year at Hogwarts.Wheelchair: Being physically disabled and unable to walk, Murphy owned and operated a wheelchair for movement.Kneazle: Murphy owned a pet Kneazle named Kneil.He is in whichever house the player chose for Jacob's sibling.His year is not shown in the friends section, similar to Skye Parkin and Orion Amari.His favourite colour is either green, blue, red or yellow, depending on which house he is sorted into.During the team meeting before the second house cup final, he will say \"Don't think about where the Quaffle is, think about where it will be.\" This is very similar to the advice that Walter Gretzky famously gave his son, Canadian ice hockey icon Wayne Gretzky, about skating towards where the hockey puck will be, while training his son to play the game as a boy. Wayne would later credit his great success as an adult to such insights.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First appearance)"