"Skye Parkin was a Scottish witch who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1980s, and played as Chaser for her House Quidditch team.Skye was born as a member of the Parkin family, which was famous for Quidditch. Her ancestors founded the Wigtown Wanderers. Her father, Ethan Parkin, played for the Wanderers and was considered a Quidditch legend.During her time at Hogwarts, Skye was Sorted into an unknown House, which happened to be the same house as her father. At some point during her time at school, she became a Chaser on her House's Quidditch team. She played on a Comet 220 Broomstick that had been passed down through her family.During the first practice match of the 19851986 school year, Skye saved Jacob's sibling and Penny Haywood from getting struck by a Bludger that was heading towards the stands, hit by opposing player Erika Rath. However, while she saved them, her play cost her team by allowing the opposing Seeker to catch the Golden Snitch to win. During the match one of her team's Chasers was injured to the point of being out for the season.Penny Haywood convinced her friend to pursue the vacant Chaser position. However, to make the team and earn a tryout invitation, training was needed, so Jacob's sibling sought Skye was out. After Rubeus Hagrid let her know who the student was, Skye opened about her weakness  Charms, her worst subject. Jacob's sibling offered to tutor her in return for training. Though initially sceptical of her schoolmate's ability in the subject, they convinced her to accept the offer. Although reluctant, Skye agreed to take the student under her wing in return for promising an immediate Charms lesson as she had an exam later that day.However, a windy day on the pitch meant that the lesson had to be cut short  the pages Skye tore out of her textbook had to be caught by her trainee before they blew away. Regardless, Skye gave Jacob's sibling a Quidditch lesson of her own, seeing if they were able to mount a hexed broom. Worried that she might be wasting time in lieu of keeping up to her family and her teachers' expectations, Skye called off the lesson early. She explained that she was pressured by her father to win the Hogwarts Quidditch Cup for her house. She revealed that even she would not have been able to mount the broom and it had been intended to be an excuse for her not to waste her time in training someone whose prospects she doubted. However, when her prospective mentee displayed natural Quidditch instincts while collecting the stray pages and mounting the hexed broom, Skye realised they could be the other Chaser her team needed to make the prospects of her house winning the cup a reality. Encouraged, she continued to serve as a mentor for the potential player.After teaching Jacob's sibling the Parkin's Pincer, a Quidditch move developed by her ancestors, Skye received the news that her father had been injured during a match against the Montrose Magpies and was in hospital. This prompted her to return home temporarily to check on him and keep him company as he recovered. She assured Jacob's sibling that they would get a tryout invitation by the time she came back to school. Fortunately, her father was recovering quickly and Skye would not be gone long.With her father getting better, Skye returned to Hogwarts just in time for tryouts. She, Captain Orion Amari, and Jacob's sibling played one final practice match together before tryouts were to begin. Orion was impressed by Jacob's sibling's performance and offered them the position. Skye and Jacob's sibling began a friendship, and the team later won the Final.Skye continued to play Chaser during the 19861987 school year. Some time that year, Skye received a new Comet 260 broomstick from her father as a gift to celebrate winning the final the previous year. She planned to give her mentee her old Comet 220 as her friend had no broom of their own. Unfortunately, when they went to pick it up in the Quidditch Changing Rooms, it had mysteriously vanished.Skye was convinced that Erika Rath had stolen the broom, having developed a great dislike for the opposing Beater since being struck with Rath's Bludger to save Jacob's sibling from being hit in the stands at their first Quidditch match the previous season. To this end, Skye spread rumours about Erika taking the broom throughout the school, hoping to put pressure on her to return it.It eventually came out that Rath was innocent. A small pack of crup puppies that Rubeus Hagrid was taking care of were teething and had somehow gotten ahold of the broom, chewing it to destruction. Hagrid felt responsible so, with the support of the team, he and Madam Hooch purchased a replacement Comet 260.That season Skye felt under even greater pressure than before, especially after their team advanced to the finals and she learned that her father planned to come to watch. She was also greatly angered when she learned that Jacob's sibling, who was playing a Beater that year, had begun training with Erika Rath to improve their skills, and the team's chances of winning the final against the strong opposing team. This put a strain on their friendship.Ethan Parkin's arrival at Hogwarts overshadowed the match itself. Not understanding Orion Amari's softer, more holistic approach to team building, Ethan effectively took over team training before the final match, putting an even greater strain on the team dynamic, which had already been disrupted by the dispute between Skye and her friend.Eventually Jacob's sibling and Skye confronted Ethan in the Quidditch Changing Rooms and Skye was finally able to open up to her father about the pressure she felt from him to live up to his, and their family's, legacy and how that had affected her enjoyment of the game. Ethan finally realised that, though he'd had the best intentions for Skye and the team, he had been overly hard on both. He agreed to step back, and also agreed to teach the team the Power Play manoeuvre that he had used to win the legendary 1967 Hogwarts Quidditch final during his time playing for their House team.Having finally released her frustrations, Skye was a lot calmed about playing Quidditch and began to mend her relationship with her friend. The team would go on to again win the final that year, using the Power Play to great effect.She continued to play Chaser the next season. She and Jacob's sibling worked to help Orion regain his mental balance when he was shaken up by being injured in an early game that year, and the subsequent argument between the two team because of this.Skye was a courageous yet competitive girl, given she had to carry Parkin's lofty standard as a Quidditch family. She was also good at multitasking, given that her family travelled often. For this reason, Skye preferred to travel light. To do achieve this, she tended to tear off pages in books, the problem being that a gust of wind can result in the pages scattering and becoming lost. Due to the pressure of both her family to succeed in Quidditch and her Professors to excel in her classes, Skye was academically poor, especially in Charms, but began to improve with the help of Jacob's sibling's tutoring.Skye tended to be impulsive and jump to conclusions, especially where Erika Rath, a Beater for an opposing House that Skye greatly disliked, was concerned. After confronting her father about the pressure that she had felt to live up to their legacy, she was able to release much of her stress and became more relaxed, finally feeling able to enjoy the game she loved. Flying: Skye was a highly accomplished and skilful broomstick flyer, having played Quidditch extensively and successfully before and during her Hogwarts years. She played Chaser for her House Quidditch team.Dark Arts: Skye was shown to have a level of talent with the casting of dark charms, as she could cast a proficient Hurling Hex.Charms: Skye was initially very weak in Charms class, but greatly improved due to tutoring from her friend Jacob's sibling.Comet 220: Skye owned a model of this racing broomstick, which had been in her family for generations.Comet 260: Her father bought her this broom after she won her first Quidditch final.Her house is the same as that of Jacob's sibling, which is chosen by the player.In official material posted by the creators of Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery and loading screens, she is usually shown as a Gryffindor or Ravenclaw.In one image, she is shown as a Gryffindor, playing against Slytherin Erika Rath. This is impossible in game, as Rath is only a Slytherin if the player's House is Ravenclaw, otherwise she is in Ravenclaw.Similarly to Murphy McNully and Orion Amari, her year is not shown in the friends section.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First appearance)"