"Bunty was a witch who lived during the early 20th century. She attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and, at a point after she left school, became an assistant to Magizoologist Newt Scamander.In her youth, Bunty attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where she would have received her magical education. She presumably studied and was academically successful in Care of Magical Creatures class. Bunty with Newt, Theseus, and Leta during his launch party Bunty attended the book signing of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them in early 1927, having been obsessed with author Newt Scamander. The two of them developed a friendship, and by September of that year Bunty had gotten a job as assistant of Newt. Newt and Bunty in his house's basement In June 1927, Bunty was fully established as Newt's assistant, and helped him find some baby Nifflers who had escaped in his house. Upon Newt's decision to travel to Paris in search of Credence Barebone, he left Bunty a note informing her of his travels, and asking her to look after his creatures in his absence.Bunty was clearly a compassionate young witch with a keen interest and passion in caring for magical creatures as Newt Scamander's assistant. Newt Scamander regarded her to be a trustworthy and reliable individual, so much so he granted her permission to access his home to care for his many creatures whilst on his travels. Due to her enthusiasm and effort as Newt's assistant along with her passionate caring for his various beasts, it can be presumed she also held his passion and interest in Magizoology very highly. Care of Magical Creatures: Bunty was very skilled in the caring and handling of various magical creatures, being very able to care for Newt's creatures as his assistant. In particular, she was shown handling and caring for several baby Nifflers very competently and carefully and was trusted by Newt to care for his larger and more dangerous beasts, showing she was accomplished in this field. Bunty's wand Wand: Bunty owned a wand, which was of an unknown length, wand wood and wand core material.The name \"Bunty\" has multiple origins and uses, mostly animal-related, including:As a term of endearment that stems from a dialect name for lamb that means \"to butt.\"Bunting is a form of animal behaviour, often found in cats, in which the animal butts or rubs their head against other things, including people. It is generally considered to be a form of territorial scent-marking behaviour, where the cat rubs the scent glands on their cheeks and forehead on the object being marked.Stemming from the English and Scottish word buntin, meaning \"plump.\"The name Bunting is given to a group of Eurasian and African passerine birds of the family Emberizidae.Bunty is played by Victoria Yeates in the second and third instalmentsof the Fantastic Beasts film series.Though Bunty's role in the film was minimal, J. K. Rowling devised a \"fully fleshed\" backstory for her (in a similar sentiment of what she disclosed about minor characters of the Harry Potter book series, such as Dean Thomas, Theodore Nott, and Filius Flitwick). Rowling provided Eddie Redmayne and Victoria Yeates three pages of original text about the origin of Bunty's relationship with Newt.Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald - The Original Screenplay (First appearance)Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of GrindelwaldFantastic Beasts: The Secrets of DumbledoreThe Archive of Magic: The Film Wizardry of Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of GrindelwaldPottermore (Mentioned only)Wizarding World (Mentioned only)Harry Potter: Wizards Unite"