"Fay Dunbar (b. c. 1978/1979) was a witch and Gryffindor student who aspired to become a member of the Auror Office. She attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1990s.Fay hoped to become an Auror. It is unknown if she fulfilled her dream after graduating from Hogwarts.Fay Dunbar was born in late 1978 or early-to-mid 1979, presumably into a pure-blood or half-blood family, as she seemed unfamiliar with a Muggle hairdryer. She was also a fan of Gobstones.At the age of eleven, Fay was accepted into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in Scotland.In her fifth year, Fay sat her Ordinary Wizarding Levels. By this time, she had decided she wished to be a member of the Auror Office and be a Dark Wizard-catcher. She achieved an Exceeds Expectations or Outstanding in Transfiguration, good marks in Herbology, Defence Against the Dark Arts and Charms and an Outstanding in Potions.In her sixth year or seventh year in 1996, Fay studied hard for her Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests, still wanting to become an Auror. This year, she could often be found in the Middle Courtyard, near the Transfiguration department.Shortly before the Christmas holidays, Harry Potter was looking for a Muggle hairdryer for Arthur Weasley, a collector of non-magical artefacts. Fay told him that one of the girls in her dormitory had \"a machine for drying her hair\", although it is unknown which girl she was referring to.That same year, Fay also played Gobstones with Harry, who was trying to defeat all the Gobstones players to win the Gobstones Cup.She was appeared to be academically gifted, talented and aspirational, as she aspired to be an Auror, and she achieved high grades in many subjects for her Ordinary Wizarding Levels, which allowed her to progress to N.E.W.T. level, meaning she was very hard-working as well.Transfiguration: Fay managed to achieve an Exceeds Expectations at Ordinary Wizarding Level in Transfiguration, showing her to be clearly very competent in this difficult field of magic.Herbology: Fay achieved either an Exceeds Expectations or Outstanding in this subject at Ordinary Wizarding Level.Defence Against the Dark Arts: Fay achieved either an Exceeds Expectations or Outstanding in this subject at Ordinary Wizarding Level. She aspired to become an Auror, so it can be presumed she was very skilled and interested in this subject.Charms: Fay achieved either an Exceeds Expectations or Outstanding in Charms at Ordinary Wizarding Level.Potions: Fay achieved an Outstanding in Potions at Ordinary Wizarding Level, showing her to be highly talented in potion-making.Derived from Middle English faie meaning \"fairy\". It appears in Geoffrey of Monmouth's Arthurian legends in the name of Morgan le Fay. It has been used as a given name since the 19th century. In some cases it may be used as a short form of Faith, or another spelling for the mythological Irish creature; the Fae.Dunbar means \"castle headland\" and comes from the old barony of Dunbar, now in East Lothian in Scotland. The place name Dunbar itself comes from the Gaelic dun meaning \"fort\" and barr meaning \"summit\". Locality from the town of Dunbar, at the mouth of the Frith of Forth, Scotland, so called from its situation on the rock which at this place projects into the sea.Fay only appears in the third and sixth video games. She does not appear in either the books or films.If Fay participated in the Battle of Hogwarts, and survived, it is possible that she could have joined the Auror Office, along with others such as Harry Potter, Ronald Weasley and Neville Longbottom. However, this is unconfirmed.Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (video game) (First appearance) (Console versions)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (video game) (NDS version)"