"Polly Chapman (born 2005 or 2006) was a witch and Gryffindor student in Albus Potter's year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.Polly Chapman was born somewhere in the United Kingdom between 1 September 2005 and 31 August 2006.Polly began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry on 1 September 2017 and was sorted into Gryffindor. During the sorting ceremony, she remarked that it was not surprising that Scorpius Malfoy was sorted into Slytherin, but expressed shock when Albus Potter was placed in the same house.When Albus Potter proved unable to get his broomstick to rise off the ground during their first flying lesson with Madam Hooch, Polly disparaged him, stating that he wasn't \"like his father at all.\"During a Potions lesson in their second year, Polly once again teased Albus, calling him an \"irrelevance\" and suggesting that even the school's portraits tried to avoid him when he walked past.Polly's life was briefly changed in 2020 when Albus and Scorpius altered the past. In an alternate reality, Albus was in Gryffindor as well. However, in their Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson taught by Hermione Granger, Albus questioned Hermione about the changed circumstances which prompted her to deduct points from Gryffindor. Polly angrily accused Albus of losing points on purpose because he \"hate[d] Gryffindor and everyone [knew] it.\" Professor Granger told Polly to sit down before she was forced to dock even more points. Later, when Albus and Scorpius were discussing how their actions had changed history in the Hogwarts Library, Polly shushed them.Her life was changed again when Albus and Scorpius meddled with the past a second time. Polly still attended Hogwarts in a world where Voldemort won and Albus was never born. Polly asked Scorpius whether he intended to invite her to the Blood Ball.Polly Chapman was a very confident and opinionated young witch. She tended to speak her mind and was unafraid of asking for something she wanted - such as asking Scorpius to the Blood Ball in an alternate universe. Her wit was as sharp as her tongue, but could sometimes be harsh and cruel, particularly towards the shy and unsure Albus Potter, whom she often spitefully disparaged and mocked due to his perceived lack of abilities.In the original West End production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Polly is played by Claudia Grant.In an alternative universe, Polly used Harry Potter's name as a form of insult or slang similar to \"Oh Merlin\". It is possible that it was considered normal to insult Potter from the grave.Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (play)Wizarding World (Mentioned only)"