"Rose Granger-Weasley, also known as Rosie, (b. 2005/2006) was an English half-blood witch and the daughter of Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger. She had a younger brother named Hugo, who was born about two years after her. She began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 2017  the same time and year as Albus Potter and Scorpius Malfoy and was sorted into Gryffindor house.During their youth, Rose and her cousin Albus were very close, and at the age of six they considered each other as best friends.In 2014, Rose now aged eight, attended the finals of the 427th Quidditch World Cup with her family and relatives. Like Albus and all the Weasleys, minus her mother, she was wearing green clothes to show her support of the Brazilians.=== Hogwarts years (2017-?) Early years Fourth year Physical appearance Personality and traits ==Rose was said to have inherited her mother's intelligence, such as Hermione's rumoured photographic memory. It was also noted that she put on her robes before needed, like her mother did at her age. If her father's encouragement to beat Scorpius Malfoy academically had any effect, she may have also turned out to be rather competitive and academically excellent like her mother. She seemed to be quite close to her cousin Albus Potter, who was about the same age and who shared her anxiety about where he would be sorted at school. When she arrived at King's Cross Station Albus was \"immensely relieved\" to see her, and Rose beamed at him. Rose embodied just a little bit of her mother  Rose was ambitious; and since her mother was Hermione Granger, meaning she had quite a lot to live up, in terms of achievement. She was quite similar to her mother in the fact that she put a lot of pressure on herself and how she just wanted to do the right thing. Rose was like her mother, but more secure and more grounded. She was born to a wizarding family and knew her place in the world.Rose had a biased side to her, however. She was dismayed that her cousin, Albus, was sorted into Slytherin and didn't approve of his friendship with Scorpius whom Rose unfairly judged for coming from a family that had included Death Eaters. As a result, Rose distanced herself from her cousin as she became popular while Albus was scorned and belittled by others, and only acted kind and civil to him when they were in front of their families. It reached the point where Albus rebuffed her halfhearted attempts to reconcile because he knew it wasn't sincere; indeed, Rose had only attempted to do so at the request of her parents.Ultimately, after learning of what Albus and Scorpius had been through and all they'd done to do the right thing, Rose truly endeavored to make amends with hr cousin and no longer judged Scorpius unfairly, going as far as to call him \"Scorpion King\".Flying: Having been selected as for the role of Chaser for the Gryffindor Quidditch team at Hogwarts, Rose was a highly accomplished and talented broomstick flyer and Quidditch player, particularly for a witch of young age. Minerva McGonagall notably described her flying abilities as \"superb\", a clear indication of her very impressive skills in this field.Wand: Being a witch who attended Hogwarts, Rose would have owned her own wand, which she would have likely bought from Ollivanders in Diagon Alley before starting her first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. This wand was of an unknown length, wand wood and wand core.Broomstick: Having played as Chaser for the Gryffindor Quidditch team at Hogwarts, Rose would have therefore owned her own broom, which was of an unknown model and unknown specifics.Rose appears to have a strong relationship with her father, Ron Weasley, as they were joking about the Hogwarts sorting. Rose was also thought to be close to her mother, Hermione Granger, as they had many of the same qualities, such as intelligence. She seemed to have a good relationship with her younger brother Hugo Granger-Weasley. Rose had a good relationship with her cousin Albus prior to them going to Hogwarts, but after Albus was sorted into Slytherin and became friends with the son of a former death-eater, she chose to distance herself from him. However, she manages to reconcile with Albus several years later. Rose was assumed to have a good relationship with her other cousins.Rose became a classmate of Scorpius, who is in the same year as her and Albus. Her father told her not to get too friendly with him and to beat him academically, though her mother did not want them to be pitted against each other. Rose developed a dislike for Scorpius very early on, on the basis that his father made remarks about her parents when they were young. After Scorpius helped to stop the Dark Lord's daughter, it appears that she became kinder towards him.Rose was most likely named after the eponymous flower; which is widely prized for its beauty and fragrance. Roses are often considered symbols of love and have historically been associated with goddesses such as Isis and Aphrodite. This may symbolise her parents' relationship with each other. The rose is also the national flower of England. Red roses are particularly associated with romance, and could allude to the trademark Weasley red hair.It is also possible that Ron and Hermione wanted their children to have the same initials as their parents; R and H. Interestingly, both children also have names that are four letters long. Cherrelle Skeete as Rose in the original West End production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Rose is played by actress Helena Barlow in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2.Rose shares the first letter of her name with her father Ronald Weasley. Her brother Hugo shares the first letter of his name with their mother Hermione.Rose is portrayed by British actress Cherrelle Skeete in the original West End production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.Rose's origins are like her uncle's, as she has a pure-blood father (Ron, like James Potter) and a Muggle-born mother (Hermione, like Lily Evans).Both of Rose's parents are featured on a Chocolate Frog Card.Rose's name continues J. K. Rowling's tradition of naming characters after flowers (e.g., Lily and Petunia, Narcissa, Fleur, Lavender, Poppy, and Pansy).Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 (video game) (Mentioned only)Harry Potter and the Cursed ChildHarry Potter and the Cursed Child (play)Pottermore (Mentioned only)Wizarding World (Mentioned only)LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7J.K. Rowling: A Year in the Life (Mentioned only)Harry Potter: The Character VaultHarry Potter: Wizards Unite (Mentioned only)"