"Tulip Karasu (born c. 1973) was a witch who began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1984 and was sorted into Ravenclaw. She was eccentric, had a disregard for rules, and valued intelligence in others.When Tulip was young, she lived a very strict life due to her parent's employment in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement in the British Ministry of Magic. This resulted in her growing a rebellious spirit, which she hid from her parents or anyone else.At one point in her youth, she was admitted to St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries after she came down with a case of dragon pox.When she first attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, she met Merula Snyde and was attracted to her independence (with her parents in Azkaban, Merula was free to do what she wanted), so she became friends with her.As the Cursed Vaults became important in their first school year, they made their destiny to open the Vaults and show the world that they were as good as everyone else. Tulip and Merula soon stumbled upon Jacob's old research room, but then started to gather information behind the others back, thus causing a falling out. They locked the room with two keys, one for each of them, so that neither could do any research nor could anyone else get in.In her third year, Tulip took Muggle Studies as one of her electives.In the 19861987 school year, upon noticing Tulip's name on the lock outside Jacob's room, Jacob's sibling, who was in the same year as Tulip, brought a friend to meet her in the Transfiguration Classroom for the first time, attempting to gain information from her. Tulip initially responded to being busy and asked them to meanwhile converse with her pet toad, Dennis, who was strapped with a Dungbomb that had to be defused. Tulip admitted she was somewhat testing Jacob's sibling after the bomb was successfully defused. She told them there were two keys for the lock, one of which was possessed by Merula Snyde. They then proceeded to make plans on getting the Merula's key.Around this time, Tulip also offered Dennis to Jacob's sibling for their companion when they were about to go to a Frog Choir audition. Tulip helped Jacob's sibling prepare for the audition. Tulip facing a boggart in the shape of Merula Snyde in a Hogwarts cupboard, with Jacob's sibling After getting the key back, they both entered Jacob's room, only to find Voldemort there, therefore made a hasty retreat. Tulip correctly deduced that they had encountered a boggart after calming down, though the conversation was interrupted by Professor Severus Snape, who told them to stay away from the corridor they were at, and to give up the search for the remaining vaults. They, however, continued the discussion after Professor Snape left, and concluded they needed to learn the Boggart-Banishing Spell. They went to the Library to find a book on the spell, afterward, Tulip left with it to learn it first and then tracked down a supposedly less terrifying Boggart in the Artefact Room to teach Jacob's sibling and for practising purpose, before facing the one residing in Jacob's room.Tulip was one of the four students that ventured into the Vault of Fear that year. Karasu with her friend Nymphadora Tonks Tulip was one of the first victims of Hogwarts' sleepwalking epidemic of that year, which was caused by the opening of a third Cursed Vault. When she met with Jacob's sibling at the Courtyard, they cast Episkey to heal a sleepwalking-related headache she had. Tulip was then taken to the Hospital Wing, where she talked about the incident with Jacob's sibling, with the two agreeing that the third vault was probably in the forest, despite being unsure about the reason sleepwalking students went there. Shortly after her recovery, Tulip unexpectedly met Madam Patricia Rakepick in a corridor and Rakepick asked her about the Cursed Vaults and the recent epidemic. Tulip later confessed to Jacob's sibling that she followed Rakepick after that encounter.For the rest of the year, Tulip continued to gather with her friends to devise plans to find the next vault. With the group learning that a broom was the only (or better) way to get to the to Forbidden Forest and investigate the possible next vault, they discussed how to get one. After Jacob's sibling failed to borrow a broom from Madam Rolanda Hooch, Tulip explained to them what the Black Lake incident was. The two later sneaked into Argus Filch's office to try to steal a broom from there but were unable to find any usable brooms. They found, however, another transfigured black quill. They took it to Jacob's room and untransfigure it, revealing a message from R ordering Rakepick to leave the school, with a threat of punishment in case she disobeyed.Early in the 19881989 school year, Tulip pulled a prank releasing all the nifflers, which Jacob's sibling had to stop with the Freezing Charm.Sometime during her sixth year, Tulip became a founding member of the Circle of Khanna, a group devoted to avenging Rowan Khanna and locating the final Cursed Vault. It was at the groups first meeting in the Hog's Head Inn that she learned of the malevolent organisation \"R\" and its motives to locate the final Cursed Vault before them. Tulip's appearance Tulip had brown eyes, fair skin, red hair, and black eyebrows. While donning school attire, she wore a necklace that resembled a Dungbomb and carried a booklet that had Zonko's Joke Shop's Z logo as the cover in the pocket of her skirt.When Jacob's sibling first met her in the Transfiguration classroom, it surprised Jacob's sibling that she was eccentric. As a Ravenclaw, she was witty and had a knack for getting to the bottom of things. She showed interest in clever and quick-thinking people, such as Merula Snyde. Tulip was able to recognise and appreciate people for their intelligence alone, despite potentially having other problematic qualities.Tulip was rebellious, believing that rules were made to be broken. She admitted enjoying chaos as an aesthetic. Those streaks led Tulip into performing some daring acts, such as sneaking a book of pranks out of the Restricted Section, resulting in nearly blowing up the Owlery, an incident she viewed as one of her finer moments.During her early years at Hogwarts, Tulip was left incredibly guilt-ridden over the fact that she selfishly betrayed her then best and only friend, Merula, in their shared pursuit of the Cursed Vaults. This soon developed intense feelings of inadequacy and self-loathing within her, with Tulip deeming herself unworthy of ever forming friendships with anyone (to the point that her boggart was Merula telling her that she will never have any friends), due to Tulip fearing that she will inevitably betray those she befriended. As a result, she chose to operate independently during her early years, keeping close to her pet toad Dennis and avoiding social encounters with Hogwarts students.This all changed one day, however, when Jacob's sibling sought her out for help in their quest for the Cursed Vaults and began to befriend her, with the former reassuring Tulip that she indeed can change and have friends in her life. After spending some time with said student, Tulip gradually began to open up to them and ultimately came to their point of view regarding her adequacy for friendship when they told her that they considered her their friend. Their encouragement inspired and gave Tulip a more optimistic and hopeful outlook, since she enthusiastically agreed to help them out in their search for the vaults after accepting their offer of friendship.This renewed hope in herself induced Tulip to turn away from her former independent and self-relying methods, accepting that she can have friends and indeed, she made numerous once accepting Jacob's sibling offer of friendship, with Tulip ultimately finding herself a best friend in fellow prankster and rule-breaker Nymphadora Tonks. Compared to her fellow pranksters though, Tulip tended to be cleaner and more methodological.She was known to be a descent espionage, a skill she picked up from her parents who worked in the Ministry. She used her skills to scout Jacob's sibling as a replacement singer to pair with Dennis to try out for Frog Choir, as Tulip was tone-deaf.Tulip enjoyed swimming in the lake, which was considered very cold by most. She could also walk while carrying Tonks on her shoulders. This indicated she was physically tougher than she appeared.Defence Against the Dark Arts: Tulip was skilled in Defence Against the Dark Arts, as she was to achieve an O.W.L. in the subject and study it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus showing aptitude in the subject.History of Magic: Tulip was skilled in History of Magic, as she was able to achieve an O.W.L. in the subject and study it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus showing aptitude in the subject.Astronomy: Tulip was skilled in Astronomy, as she was able to achieve an O.W.L. in the subject and study it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus showing aptitude in the subject.Transfiguration: Tulip was skilled in Transfiguration as she was able to achieve an O.W.L. in the subject and study it further at N.E.W.T.-level, thus showing aptitude in the subject.Muggle Studies: Tulip earned an O.W.L. in Muggle Studies and continued the subject on N.E.W.T. level.Tulip, the flower of the same name, originated from Persia and Turkey; Tulip, as a name, is also of Turkish origin as a result of it. In Turkish, t\\xfclbent means turban  the shape some thought the flowers resembled.Karasu, as a surname, is relatively most common in Turkey. It means \"black water\" derived from Turkish kara meaning \"black, dark\" combined with su \"water\".Karasu is also the romanization of the word for \"crow\" or \"raven\" in Japanese, though not known to be a surname on its own. A Dungbomb necklace, Tulip's clothing item Given the origins of her first and last names, she's likely of Turkish descent.As her last name could also mean \"raven\", it may be a hint or a play on the character's sorting into Ravenclaw.While Karasu is not a surname in Japan, many names in the Harry Potter universe do not exist in real life and are used for symbolism.In Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery, Tulip is unlocked as a friend upon the completion of Chapter 5 of Year 3.Upon reaching maximum friendship at level 10 with Tulip, a unique clothing item is gifted to the player: a Dungbomb necklace.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First appearance)"