"Andre Egwu (born c. 1973) was a wizard who began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1984 and was Sorted into Ravenclaw. He was a devoted fan of the Pride of Portree Quidditch team.During his childhood he would occasionally meet with his cousin Jules Egwu when her family was in town. They had a friendly relationship, despite her then shy personality and difficulties with making friends. Andre during Transfiguration class During his time at Hogwarts, Andre was in the same Transfiguration class with Jacob's sibling and Rowan Khanna, in which he expressed liking animals.Throughout their school years, Andre would put his sense of style to use in making outfits for Jacob's sibling, and sometimes other students, to wear at special events. He would usually make a couple of different outfits and allow his friend to choose their favourite. In the 19851986 school year, Andre was asked by Madam Hooch to show the other students in his year how to weave during Flying class.Andre joined the Ravenclaw Quidditch team, initially as a reserve Seeker. He was exceptionally skilled at flying, but was not good at playing as a Seeker. Despite this, he was considered the best Quidditch player at the school by some, though he himself thought that Charles Weasley was better. He was among the team members trapped by cursed ice in the Quidditch Changing Rooms.In the 19861987 school year, Andre was asked by Madam Hooch to show the other students in his year how to roll during Flying class. Andre also took the Muggle Studies as electives.Andre properly introduced himself to Jacob's sibling on their first Hogsmeade weekend trips, though they had met in Transfiguration and Flying classes before. During this year, Andre also revealed to Jacob's sibling that despite what people had heard of him, he was only a reserve Seeker, not an actual player on the team.Andre eventually became the Keeper of the Ravenclaw Quidditch team, a position at which he proved to be more talented. He replaced previous Keeper Brennan Doyle.Andre also helped Jacob's sibling when they were appointed a beater on their house Quidditch team. When they decided that they needed more training to have a chance to win the Inter-House Quidditch Cup, Andre suggested that they train with his friend Erika Rath, despite the stormy history between Rath and Jacob's sibling. Jacob's sibling eventually won Rath's respect and Andre sometimes joined them during training.At some time during this year, Jules came to Hogsmeade to visit him. He was surprised, and pleased, by the change in her as she was much more confident and outgoing than the last time he had seen her. She attributed this to being with him as seeing how comfortable he was in his own skin eventually helped her to find the courage to be herself. During this time Andre, Jules, Jacob's sibling and Penny Haywood investigated a series of thefts of sweets around Hogsmeade and Hogwarts. The culprit turned out to be a Demiguise with a sweet tooth that the group managed to track down and capture. Jules took it with her when she returned to Japan, as it was part of the creature's natural habitat range, and planned to ask her Magizoologist parents to find an appropriate site to release it. In the 19871988 school year, Andre expressed needing new buttons for his cloaks during the Button to Beetle Transfiguration lesson. During the lesson on the Snake Summons Spell, he wondered if he would have been judged should he wear snakeskin trousers.In the 19881989 school year, after finishing the Potions O.W.L., Charles Weasley asked Jacob's sibling for help, for Andre apparently didn't think revisions were needed. The three met up at the Three Broomsticks Inn, where Andre's dream to become a professional Keeper was revealed to be his reason for disregarding preparations for the exam. After Jacob's sibling persuaded Andre to take the exam a little more seriously, the three chatted about careers over Butterbeer.Sometime during his sixth year, Andre became a founding member of the Circle of Khanna, a group devoted to avenging Rowan Khanna and locating the final cursed vault. It was at the groups first meeting in the Hog's Head Inn that he learned of the malevolent organisation \"R\" and it's motives to locate the final Cursed Vault before them.Andre had short black hair, dark skin and handsome brown eyes. He also usually wore a Pride of Portree scarf. Andre during a Flying Lesson Flying: Andre was a highly talented and accomplished broomstick flyer from an early age, quickly mastering various flying techniques during Flying class and being proficient enough to be selected on the Ravenclaw Quidditch team as Keeper. Some at Hogwarts considered him the best Quidditch player in the school, which clearly shows his impressive skill in this magical sport.Transfiguration: Andre was one of the most skilled students of Transfiguration of his year, alongside fellow Ravenclaws Talbott Winger and Tulip Karasu, obtaining a passing grade in his Ordinary Wizarding Level in the subject. He regularly participated in Jacob's sibling and Rowan Khanna up front in Professor McGonagall's Transfiguration lessons.Muggle Studies: Andre earned an O.W.L. in Muggle Studies and continued the subject at N.E.W.T. level.Tailoring skills: Andre was skilled at making his own clothing. He was inspired by Jacob's sibling and would often create outfits for them to wear to special events. He would usually make three different patterns and allow his friend to choose their favourite. Sometimes he also made clothes for others, like Ben Copper and Rowan Khanna. Pride Of Portree shirt In Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery, Andre is unlocked as a friend upon the completion of Chapter 1 of Year 4.Upon reaching maximum friendship at level 10 with Andre, a unique clothing item is gifted to the player: a Pride of Portree shirt.He is one of the four characters (along with Merula Snyde, Penny Haywood, and Barnaby Lee) available as romance options for all four dating side quests: Celestial Ball, First Date, Valentine's Day, and Festival Fun. As with all other options, this can be done regardless of Jacob's sibling's gender.In Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery, when Jacob's sibling needed to secure a broomstick to fly into the Forbidden Forest, the player got to choose between Andre, Merula Snyde, and Ismelda Murk. If Andre was chosen, his concern was that he might get kicked off the Ravenclaw Quidditch team, Jacob's sibling getting hurt, and his broom, given to him by his grandmother, getting broken.During the Celestial Ball side quest, he says Charlie Weasley is usually everyone's favourite Quidditch player, and if he isn't, he should be. However, he also calls Jacob's sibling and Erika Rath his favourite players in the 'Rivalry, Respect and Rath' side quest.In Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery, when Jacob's sibling needed an additional helper alongside Charlie Weasley and Sickleworth to search for the missing half of Torvus' family heirloom in the Forbidden Forest, the player got to choose between Andre, Ben Copper, and Ismelda Murk. If Andre was chosen, Charlie would respond having to always think it cool should they be on the same team, as they are both Qudditch players but for different House.The statement may imply Andre being less likely a Seeker, for it'd make little sense for Charlie to imagine them being on the same team were they both playing for the same position.Andre's actual Quidditch position was only revealed in Year 5, as Keeper.His favourite colour is purple.His least favourite colour is pink.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First appearance)"