"Astoria Malfoy (n\\xe9e Greengrass) (c. 1982  2019) was a British pure-blood witch. She also was a member of the Greengrass family, one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight. Astoria began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1993, two years below her husband, Draco Malfoy, and her elder sister, Daphne Greengrass. After her education at Hogwarts, she met and married Draco and the two had a son, Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy. Astoria died during the summer of 2019, due to her blood curse.Born into the Greengrass family, among the oldest, truly pure-blooded families in Britain, Astoria and her older sister, Daphne, were brought up in the ideals of Pure-blood supremacy. Astoria's life was cut short by a curse placed upon her ancestor long before her time, resulting in her body becoming extremely frail.Astoria attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. During the Battle of Hogwarts, she was evacuated for being too young. It is also unknown what house she was sorted into at Hogwarts.The events of the Second Wizarding War during her teenage years made Astoria espouse a more tolerant life view, turning back on her family's blood purity ideals, although her experience through the war was less than that of what Draco Malfoy suffered.At some point between 2000 and 2005, she eventually married Draco Malfoy, who was two years ahead of her and was a classmate of her older sister, Daphne Greengrass. Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy had \"disapproved\" of Draco's choice to take her as a wife, but he chose her anyway and stood up to both of them. This was something which Astoria once told her son \"was one of the most courageous things she'd ever seen\".Frail, and knowing she was not destined for old age due to her ancestor's blood borne curse, Astoria longed for a child so that Draco, after her inevitable death, would not be alone. Astoria with her family on the platform She was successful in producing a child, despite Draco telling her that he didn't care if the Malfoy family ended with him, but the pregnancy greatly weakened her and the family vanished into seclusion when Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy was born. This, despite the intentions of Draco and Astoria, led to false rumours that Astoria had been unable to conceive and had used a Time-Turner to go back in time and conceive a child with Lord Voldemort - which, if she actually was unable to conceive would have been a failure anyway. The stigma of these rumours were borne by her son who, at Hogwarts, was accused of being Voldemort's child.After Scorpius's birth, Astoria refused to teach her son the pure-blooded belief that Muggles were scum. Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy therefore found her a somewhat disappointing daughter-in-law; family gatherings were, as a result, often fraught with tension.In 2017, Astoria saw her son off at King's Cross Station for his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 2017, loading him up with sweets, having told him on at least one occasion, \"Sweets, they always help you make friends.\" As Albus and Scorpius bonded over sweets, her advice was apparently correct.In the summer before Scorpius's third year at Hogwarts, Astoria died due to the toll of her family curse, leaving her son and husband heartbroken. Scorpius and Albus would later on attend her funeral.Draco, having inherited a \"true\" Time-Turner from his father, was later urged to use it to go back in time to see Astoria, but he resisted, knowing the potential damage he could cause to reality.The name Astoria may be derived from the London Astoria, a music venue in London, England, or the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, a famously luxurious hotel in New York City. This hotel was named after the Astors, a very wealthy and influential American family. The name may also be related to Astraea, a daughter of Zeus in Greek mythology who personified justice. Astraea is derived from Greek meaning \"star-maiden\"; this may relate to her husband's maternal family often naming its members after stars and constellations. The name may also be spelled Asteria, as shown on the Weasley Family Tree. Like Hyperion  her son Scorpius's middle name  Asteria is the name of one of the Titans of Greek mythology. Astoria Malfoy in LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 Astoria is played by Jade Olivia, in the epilogue scene of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2. She was the real-life girlfriend of Draco's actor Tom Felton at the time.J. K. Rowling has said that she chose to have Draco marry someone other than Pansy Parkinson, who seems to have been his girlfriend during his adolescence, because she always hated Pansy, who represented \"the girls who teased me when I was at school\". She has referred to Pansy as \"the anti-Hermione\". Indeed, keeping in line with this, J. K. Rowling draws a much more sympathetic portrait of Astoria Greengrass on Pottermore.Astoria is the only character in the epilogue who Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger do not know, though they are aware of Scorpius's identity and probably also Astoria's, even if they do only refer to her as \"Draco's wife.\" In a school context, a two-year gap is considerable, and since even her sister Daphne was barely peripheral to their school days, they may not have been aware of her until she married Draco.Daphne was Sorted into Slytherin, but it is unknown if Astoria was Sorted into Slytherin as well.Astoria's maiden name, Greengrass, could refer to the primary colour of Slytherin House (green) and the common phrase, \"a snake in the grass,\" as snakes are Slytherin's emblem. This is ironic, as the phrase refers to someone who is treacherous and venal, traits that Astoria does not seemingly possess.Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (First appearance) (Identified only as Draco's wife)Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (Mentioned only) (First identified as Astoria Malfoy)Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (play) (Mentioned only)LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7Pottermore (Mentioned only)Wizarding World (Mentioned only)Harry Potter: The Character Vault"