"Ethan Parkin was a wizard and a famous Quidditch player, a descendant of the Walter Parkin, the founder of the Wigtown Wanderers.Ethan Parkin was born at some point in around the late 1940s or early 1950s. He attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 1960s, and played on the Quidditch team of his house.He was known for his aggressive and rough play style and for preferring to score on his own rather than rely on teammates. According to Madam Hooch, even when he played at Hogwarts he usually committed at least one foul per game but he never directly cheated. She compared his rough style to then current Hogwarts player Erika Rath.In the 19661967 school year, he played in the highest-scoring Quidditch match in Hogwarts history, and his team won the match using the Power Play tactic.His daughter, Skye, played Chaser as a student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, in the 1980s.During the 19851986 school year, he was injured in a Quidditch match against the Montrose Magpies, resulting in Skye temporarily leaving Hogwarts to check on her father and keep him company as he recovered. Fortunately, Ethan was recovering rather rapidly and Skye returned in time to compete in the House Qudditch team tryouts that year.He came to watch Skye's first house match, and expected to see a Parkin's Pincer. After the match, he gave his daughter a new Comet 260.During the 19861987 school year, Ethan Parkin came to Hogwarts during the final match of the Quidditch Cup. His arrival overshadowed the match and also caused a disruption in the team dynamic of his former House team. When he heard of the team's preparations through Orion Amari's softer, more holistic approach, he didn't see the value and effectively took over the teams training before the match.This put pressure on the team, which had already been strained by recent personal problems between two of their main players- Jacob's sibling and Skye. His dominating approach had also put great pressure on Skye, who found it difficult to tell her father how she felt. Eventually Skye and Jacob's sibling confronted him about it in the Quidditch changing room, and Skye finally opened up about all the pressure she had felt from him to live up to his, and their family's legacy. Ethan finally realised that, though he may have had the best of intentions for Skye and the team, he had been overly hard on both.He agreed to step back and also agreed to teach them the Power Play manoeuvre. He had previously been evasive about his use of the tactic in the legendary House match as it wasn't his usual style, but Jacob's sibling learned about it from Madam Hooch.The following school year, Parkin recruited the House team's Keeper as a Wanderers reserve player after their gradation. He came to Hogwarts to help train Jacob's sibling to take over the role, after the student was elected to do so by their teammates. Shortly before the season's first house match, the team's Captain and Chaser, Orion Amari, stepped back after being mentally shaken up by an injury. Skye invited Ethan back to help them train and integrate their reserve Chaser into the team while she and Jacob's sibling jointly took over leadership duties.His Hogwarts House is the same as that of Jacob's sibling and his daughter, which is chosen by the player.Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery (First mentioned)"