"Lily Luna Potter (b. c. 2008) was an English half-blood witch, the youngest child and only daughter of Harry and Ginevra Potter (n\\xe9e Weasley). Lily had two older brothers, James Sirius and Albus Severus Potter. She was named in honour of her late paternal grandmother, Lily Potter, and her middle name came from her parents' good friend Luna Lovegood.Lily began her education at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 2019 along with her cousin, Hugo Granger-Weasley, and was sorted into Gryffindor House.Lily Luna Potter was born to Harry and Ginevra Potter, as their youngest child and only daughter. She had two older brothers: James Sirius and Albus Severus Potter. Lily was around two years younger than Albus, and four years younger than James.In 2014, Lily, along with her family, attended the 2014 Quidditch World Cup final in the Patagonian Desert. Lily was sporting Bulgarian red, along with the majority of her family. It should also be noted that she was very well behaved, as Rita Skeeter did not make any scathing comments regarding her behaviour. Lily with her family at Platform 9\\xbe in 2017 In 2017, she went to see her brothers and her cousin, Rose Granger-Weasley, off at the Hogwarts Express, but was not herself old enough to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. She also acted as excited and enthusiastic as her mother Ginny had acted when Harry and Ron went to their first year of Hogwarts. She and her cousin, Hugo Granger-Weasley, were around the same age. Hugo and Lily talked excitedly about which house they wanted to be in at Hogwarts.In 2019, Lily began her education at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and was sorted into Gryffindor House. In 2020, she was seen on Platform 9\\xbe along with the rest of her family, sitting on her older brother's trolley.Lily inherited the red hair of her mother's family, and had inherited most of the Weasleys' physical traits, including her hair colour. Her characteristic trait was her cheery-looking smile, which was possibly inherited from Lily Potter, her late grandmother.Lily seemed to have a personality similar to her mother. She was very jealous of her two older brothers when they were leaving for Hogwarts, quite similar to the eagerness and envy Ginny displayed when the last of her brothers went away to school in 1991.Lily also seemed to enjoy talking to her family. She and her cousin Hugo had an \"animated discussion\" about what house they would be in, suggesting they were very close. Lily with her older siblings and parents Lily had a close relationship with her father and her mother. She resembled her mother, Ginny, in appearance and personality. Lily also seemed to love her father dearly, as she held hands with him in 2017 and looked towards him for comfort. During the 2014 Quidditch World Cup, Lily sat to close her father and stared up at him in what appeared to be admiration.James had a fondness for teasing his younger siblings. When Lily went to see her brothers off to Hogwarts, she seemed to be close to her brother James Sirius and was hugging him at Kings Cross Station.Lily was around the same age as Hugo, and excitedly discussed Hogwarts with him in 2017, suggesting they may have been close. Lily was also very excited when she found out her cousin Victoire Weasley was dating Teddy Lupin.Teddy Lupin was Lily's father's godson. He often spent time at the Potters' home, and Lily was very excited at the news that he was dating her cousin Victoire. She hoped that they might marry so that Teddy would become an official member of the family. This was very similar to Ginny's longing to have Nymphadora Tonks (Teddy's late mother) in her family, deepening the connection between Lily and her mother.The given name Lily comes from the name of the flower, which is a symbol of purity. Specifically, the lily is often associated with the Virgin Mary; one type of flower is known as the Madonna lily. Greek mythology also links lilies to the Muses and to the goddess Hera, and the flowers continue to be representative of purity and love in Europe. In Chinese, the lily is a play on words for \"forever in love\", and the flowers were thought to be capable of averting evil.Luna means \"moon\" in Latin. It is also the name of the Ancient Roman goddess of the moon who was the mother of the Menae, fifty goddesses who embodied the phases of the moon used by the Ancient Greeks to keep time. In some myths, she was also the mother of the Nemean Lion.Potter is a very common surname of English origin. It traditionally refers to the occupation of making pottery. Beatrix Potter was a well-known English children's author. Potter's Field is the name for a burial ground for the unknown or unclaimed dead, particularly soldiers and orphans; the Potter family had many members that fit that description. The Potter Box is a model for making ethical decisions developed at Harvard University.She was named after important people in her father and mother's life. Lily  after his mother and her paternal grandmother, Lily Evans, who died to protect Harry from Voldemort when he was just a baby. Luna  after Luna Lovegood, Ginny's good friend at Hogwarts. Many people believe this name was from Remus Lupin, but this was disproven by J. K. Rowling.Daphne de Beistegui portrays Lily Potter in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2.Lily is portrayed by British actresses Christiana Hutchings, Zoe Brough and Cristina Fray alternating the role in the original West End production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.Lily was the first of Harry's children to be introduced in the epilogue, where she was shown holding her father's hand, much as her mother was introduced in Philosopher's Stone.She is the only child of Harry and Ginny who was named after a person still living at the end of the series: Luna still lived while Lily, James, Sirius, Albus, and Severus all had died.In the film version, Lily is seen standing with James, even sitting on top of his trunk when he was taking it into King's Cross.In the novel, Lily protests about her desire to go to Hogwarts, despite not being able to go for another two years. This is very similar to the desire her mother, Ginny, expressed in Philosopher's Stone.She is related to the House of Black because her maternal great-grandmother was Cedrella Black. Her maternal great-grand aunt was Lucretia Black. Some sort of relative on her paternal side was Dorea Black.She is also related to Lord Voldemort and the Gaunts through her paternal ancestor Ignotus Peverell. Ignotus Peverell's brother was Cadmus Peverell who is Voldemort's ancestor.Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 (video game)Harry Potter and the Cursed ChildHarry Potter and the Cursed Child (play)LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7J.K. Rowling: A Year in the Life (Mentioned only)Pottermore (Mentioned only)Wizarding World (Mentioned only)Harry Potter: The Character VaultHarry Potter: Wizards Unite (Appears in photographs)"