"Miles Bletchley was a wizard who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry during the early 1990s. He was a member of the Slytherin Quidditch team, serving as their Keeper.Bletchley played in Slytherin's match against Gryffindor this year. He was unable to block Gryffindor's only goal attempt during that match, from Angelina Johnson.Bletchley, along with the rest of the team, received a new Nimbus 2001 this year from Lucius Malfoy as an incentive to allow his son Draco onto the team as Seeker. He and the rest of the team flaunted these new broomsticks to the Gryffindor Quidditch team. He laughed along with the other members of the team at Ronald Weasley when his broken wand redirected an attempted Slug-Vomiting Charm back at him.During this year, Bletchley took part in a small plot by the Slytherin Quidditch team to jinx various members of the Gryffindor team prior to their first match. He hit Alicia Spinnet with a jinx that made her eyebrows grow excessively large. Despite doing this in front of fourteen witnesses, Severus Snape, who seemed to support this action, merely chose to assume she had used a poorly applied Hair-Thickening Charm on herself, and Bletchley was not punished.Later, during the match itself, Bletchley managed to save at least one attempted goal by Angelina Johnson. He, along with the rest of his team and the Slytherin supporters, sang \"Weasley is Our King\" throughout the match in a successful attempt to unnerve Ron Weasley, Gryffindor's new Keeper.Miles was a mean-spirited individual who lacked good sportsmanship. He took enjoyment in mocking others, and evidently saw no problem with foul play against members of the Gryffindor Quidditch team.Flying: Miles played as Keeper for the Slytherin Quidditch team at Hogwarts, meaning he was a fairly accomplished and talented broomstick flyer and Quidditch player.Dark Arts: Miles jinxed Alicia Spinnet with an unpleasant jinx that caused her eyebrows to grow rapidly, meaning he had some skill with Dark charms.In the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, the Slytherin Keeper was played by Amy Puglia, despite there never having been any girls on the Slytherin squad in the books. In Chamber of Secrets, he instead was played by David Churchyard.In the video game Harry Potter: Quidditch World Cup, the Slytherin Keeper is named \"Kevin Bletchley\". It is possible this was intended to be Miles.\"Miles\" is from the Germanic name Milo, introduced by the Normans to England in the form Miles. The meaning is not known for certain. It is possibly connected to the Slavic name element mil meaning \"gracious\". From an early date it was associated with Latin miles \"soldier\".Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film)Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film)Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game)Harry Potter and the Prisoner of AzkabanHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix"